Unit 1 Gender roles
Unit 2 Diet & nutrition
Unit 3 Educational goals
Unit 4 Biodiversity
Unit 5 Global English
Unit 6 The Internet
Unit 7 Consumer spending
Unit 8 Children and parents
Unit 9 An ageing population
Unit 10 Fame

Question type:
  a. Propose one or more solution to a problem.
    This type of qution either contains the word 'should' or it can be rephrased with 'should'.
    Example: How can the problem of inequality in the workplace best be addressed? == How should we solve the problem of inquality?
  b. Evaluate one or more solution to a problem.
    You will recognise this type of question in the same way as above.
    Example: Many people believe that boys and girls learn better when they are educated separately. What is your view on this practice? == Should boys and girls be educated separately?
  c. Present your ideas about a topic
    This type of question usually requires you to make a prediction or write about causes and/or effects.
    Example: What do you see as the main reason for gender inquality in the workplace? == What are the causes of gender inequality in the workplace?
  d. Evaluate an idea about a topic
    This type of question asks you to consider the truth value of a prediction, explanation or statement.
    Example: Many people maintain that boys are naturally more aggressive than girls. To what extent do you agree with this view? == Consider the truth value of the statement that boys are naturally more aggressive than girls.
Outline skill:
  give the body paragraph topic
  add 'signposting' expressions to emphasise important points
  if necessary, add modifiers or use 'softer' vocabulary to make statements less sweeping(绝对的).
  
Introductions:
  a. write something about the general context: In recent years...
  b. explain why the topic is interesting, relevant or important: X is interesting/ relevant/ important because ...
  c. present a viewpoint that they go on to challenge: Some people believe that...
  d. present their own viewpoint: In my view...
  e. state the purpose of the essay: The aim of this essay is to...
  Example: There is no doubt that English is becoming increasingly important as a language of international communication in the fields of science, trade, entertainment, and international relations. Not surprisingly, English words have appeared in many other languages throughout the world from Japanese to French. This has prompted some people to seek to defend their languages from this type of change. I would argue however, that these efforts are likely to prove futile.
  
Body paragraph:
  how to develope it:
    a. What main point do I want to make?
    b. Have I seen, heard, or experienced something that makes me want to say this? How can I express this as an example to illustrate my main point?
    c. If someone were to disagree with me, what could I say to persuade them that my point is valid? What evidence can I give to support my main point?

Conclusion:
  restate their opinion
  summarise the main points
  make a recommendation
  make a prediction

Softer vocabulary:
  Quantifiers数量词:
    some, many, most
  Verbs:
    appear to
    seem to
    tend to
  Frequency adverbs:
    sometimes
    often
    rarely
  Expresions:
    It is said that...
    It is possible ...
    In some circumstances...
  Modal verbs:
    can
    could
    may
  Probability adverbs:
    possibly
    probably
    perhaps
    
attitude adverbs:
  fortunately
  interestinglly
  surprisingly
  importantly
  obviously
  unfortunately
  inevitably
  Less, more, not, somewhat(=a bit) can modify them.
  
Arguments:
  gender equality:
    There may indeed be good arguments for allowing certain posts to remain predominantly.
      all-female hospital, physical strength.
    However in the vast majority of situations, making occuptions more open to both genders has distinct advantages.
    different perspective and approaches.
    female police may have greater understanding of domestic violence and a better range of strategies for dealing with this problem.
    male school teachers probably have a better understanding of the needs of young boys and can serve as good role models for them.
  food:
    The problem of rising levels of obesity in many parts of the world is mainly due to people's lack of knowledge about food and nutrition.
    Because fast food is generally unhealthy, governments should regulate the fast food industry in the same way that they regulate the alcohol and tobacco industries.
    Advertisements encourage people to value slim figures.
    People associate slimness with positive character traits.(good self-control)
    It is healthier to be slim.(suffer from heart disease and diabetes)
    Obesity may be due to genetic factors.
    Obesity is due to lack of knowledge about healthy eating.
    Moreover, traditional foods are an important aspect of culture and social life.
    work in full-time employment.
  education:
    work on group project
      motivating for students
      make more friends
      more easy assesst
      teach wouldn't be good at this
    People who do well in exams often do well in other types of tasks.
      rote learning
    Some people express themselves much better verbally than in writing.
    People often perform poorly in examination because they are anxious, not because they lack intelligence.
      or are sucessful in fields that clearly require intelligence
    cram schools 
      do well in the exam.
    vary the format of exams and match them of what is taught in schools.
      If student pay attention in school, there is no need for additional cramming.
  enviroment:
    Governments could promote greater understanding of plants and animals by investing in the research and preservation efforts of universities, zoos, and botanical institutes.
    An alternative strategy would be to protect natural habitats by expanding nature reserves.
  language:
    Retaining the language of a community often means that other forms of culture are maintained: songs, literature and local traditions. These all contribute to the richness and variety of human culture.
    Moreover, language helps communities to remain cohesive and to have a strong sense of identity.
  Internet:
    losing social skills & real friends. excessive Internet use leads to
    addicted to online gaming, diminish family life
    disconcentrate
    ues net to keep in touch with friends when you stuck at some place.
    meet friends of friends
    more convenient
    In some countries, fewer than 50% population able to read
    Use of blocking software & firewalls common
    Electricity supply irregular
    Government censorship of internet widespread
    Even where IT access available, governments fearful of well-informed public
    Basic infrastructure inadequate
    buying and selling products online has become commonplace.
  Consuming:
    learn from parents
      From their early years, children can observe how their parents make financial decisions.
      Children can alos see what kinds of criteria parents use when choosing what to buy.
    feel empty and unhappy, relieve the stress. enhance mood
    display their status or wealth, high-value brands
  Children:
    One measure that both parents and teachers could take is to involve young people in making decisions about what is acceptable behaviour.
    Learning to manage risk is clearly very important.
    consider long-term interests
    a degree of autonomy
  Ageing:
    As the population ages, many fear that caring for the elderly will be too great a burden for the younger generation.
    increasing public health costs
    increasing incidence of chronic illneses
    growing pressure on care givers
    dwindling pension funds 减少
    cause: lower fertility rate, decresing mortality from infectious diseases
    as mentors for younger employee
    as the link with history
  Celebrity:
    scandals
    The negative influence of celebrities on children can also be seen in children't career aspirations.
    
    
Sentences:
  Some would argue that this situation will correct itself over time. However, in my view, there is much that can be done to address the problem constructively.
  However, the trend in modern times has been for both men and women to have great freedom of choice in terms of employment.
  In my view, wherever possible, gender equality should be encouraged.
  The change that result from allowing men into female-dominated occupations and vice versa may be subtle, but they are far-reaching.
  However, to benefit the most from this development, it is important not to expect males and females to approach work in identical ways.
  The increasing availability of convenience foods has been a significant feature of modern life in many developed countries.
  In spite of the utility of convenience foods, people are unlikely to abandon practices that are economically sound and give them great pleasure.
  It is hard to imagine a world in which people do not continue to enjoy traditional, home-cooked meals at least some of the time.
  Although some people idealise traditional cooking practices and believe they will prevail indefinitely, demographic trends suggest that this is unlikely to be the case.
  If you need to memorise large amounts of information, rote learning is probably a good method to use.
  If you need to evaluate information, you need critical thinking skills.
  In many countries, students sit formal examinations in order to graduate.
  Access to higher education is often determined by performance in university entrance examinations.
  In some countries, progress is measured by continuous assessment instead of by end-of-term examinations.
  A number of measures should be taken to address these concerns.
  Intensive farming in wheat growing countries like Canada has led to the loss of natural grasslands.
  Acid rain causes damage to forests as well as limestone monuments. 石灰岩遗迹
  =Indiscriminate 任意的 logging of tropical hardwoods has contributed to the destrucation of rainforests.
  Overgrazing of grasslands by cattle and sheep is associated with soil erosion and desertification.
  Off-shore(on-site) oil spills frequently result in damage to mangrove swamps and the unique species that live there.
  The thinning of arctic icecap has been attributed to global warming.
  Strip mining for minerals near river banks is linked to soil erosion and degradation of estuaries.
  Governments should limit the burning of fossile fuels, which causes acid rain.
  Looked at from a broad historical perspective, it is true that humans and animals have conflicting interests.
  Therefor, the burden of protecting plant and animal species should be distributed fairly.
  However, there is much that governments can and should do to protect the world's plants and animals.
  As increasing numbers of unique, and potentially useful, plants and animals come under threat, people are beginning to ask whether more can be done to reverse this trend.
  It is very likely that the spread of English as a lingua franca is connected in some way with the process of globalisation.
  This essay will examine what I belive to be the most important factors in communication breakdown.
  As the world becomes more integrated, the need for common means of communication is becoming more pressing.
  Someone have been under pressure to speak the ...
  It is true that the balance of power among groups of people throughout history has shifted, languages have arisen, changed, and died out.
  Enthusiasts claim that ...
  It is likely that ...
  There is a natural tendency to ...
  The ability to manage money is often taken for granted. Because the consequences of poor money management can be severe, it is worthwhile taking steps to ensure people are as well-informed as possible.
  Children who are well-informed about their rights are in a better postion to seek help to defend them.
  In this essay I will outline three measures that can be taken to safeguard the rights of young people.
  In brief, it is not possible to make recommendations regarding the supervision of adolescents that fit all contexts.
  children is likely to vary from family to family.
  Some physical environments clearly pose more dangers than others.
  Some cultures, in Asia, for example, value social cohesion, whereas others, such as the US, tend towards individualism.
  The quality of life among old people has, therefor, become a focus of attention.
  People today can expert to live a longer and healthier life than people in the past.
  When starting a new project, it is common to be full of hopes and aspirations.
  
Phrase:
  tackle the problem quickly.
  a more feasible approach
  equivalent work
  promote equality
  set a good example for...
  socially-advanced modle
  create a bad impression
  consider it worthwhile to...
  fair and reasonable
  To further encourage equality ...
  excessive and difficult 
  as a norm
  become increasingly prevalent
  dietary supplement(tablets or foods taken to improve nutrition)
  organic food(food grown without artificial fertilizers or pesticides)
  obesity
  genetically modified food
  seasonal produce
  convenience food, fast food
  malnutrition(physical weakness resulting from lack of food or poor diet)
  vegetarianism
  predict
  sophisticated ready-prepared microwavable meals
  Art and Design
  throughout the world
  measure learning in the decucation system.
  clearly certain advantages
  at virtually every stage of ...
  test-wise
  underlying knowledge
  ensure proper, objective assessment of achievement.
  truely useful componect of ... system
  estuary河口 mangrove swamp（沼泽） 红树林  grasslands
  the conflict between humans and animals is particularly problematic
  ever-inceasing不断增长的
  reverse the destruction that threatens the world's animals.
  biological diversity, biodiversity
  mother tongue
  lingua franca(Now English is widely regarded as a lingua franca.)
  minority languages, non-native
  an obsolete term
  in day-to-day activities
  Around the world
  probably outnumbered
  I will outline ...
  distinctive pattern
  cumbersome(笨重的)
  Consumer spending: transportation, food and drink, housing, dining out, utilities, clothing and footwear, entertainment, home furnishings.
  disposable income, personal debt, goods and services, consumer confidence, househould expendition
  When people feel more secure in their jobs, consumer confidence grows and people begin to spend money more freely.
  one's necessities
  take action
  sensible purchasing behaviour
  in many circumstances
  An example of this is ...
  a celebrity endorse a particulaar brand
  prominently
  buy a more up-to-date model
  infant infancy
  adult adulthood
  adolescent adolescence
  child childhood
  pensioner old age
  exercise too much control over 
  interfer too much in 
  cooperate with
  the age of criminal resposibility
  distinguish right from wrong
  take the interests of children into account 考虑儿童的利益
  bear some of this responsibility
  deteriorating standards
  petty crime
  overpopulation = population ageing , density of population in relation to available resources
  level off 趋平
  accelerate = speed up, it will accelerate over the next thirty years.
  demographic data 人口统计学的数据
  census
  news censorship
  longevity
  nursing home
  care-giver: a person who looks after the elderly or sick.
  mortality 死亡数，死亡率
  family planning
  compulsory private persion plans
  be insufficient to guarantee a good retirement for all
  frail section
  alleviate the suffering
  in most societies
  feel a sense of love and belonging
  mandatory retirement age
  be valuable to 
  reach retirement age
  dilemma
  be confined to
  misuse of drugs and alcohol
  
  
  
Equals:
  men and women = male and female
  equality > equivalent > ineuality
  create = establish
  promote = encourage
  in modern times
  versatile = greate diversity or variety
  A->B, lead to, cause to, contribute to, be linked to, be associated with, 
  B->A, stem from, be attributed to
  A benefit from B = B be conductive to A
  because, consquently 结果是, as a consequence,
  in relation to, in regard to, regarding to, concerning, 
  to express beliefs: believe, maintain, suspect, think
  in discussion: argue, assert, claim, insist, say
  to show agreement: accept, acknowledge, admit, advocate, agree, concede, support
  to show disagreement: chanllenge, deny, disagree, dismiss, doubt, object, quetsion, refute
  to give suggestions: imply, suggest, urge
  enable = make possible: The advent enable users to stay in touch with friends and familly virtually twenty-four hours a day.
  accelerate = speed up
  device = tool
  influence = impact = affect = work on
  in fact = indeed
  a great deal of = the large sums of = varioty of
  be entitled to = be empowered to = be allowed to = be authorized to = be permitted to
  have a duty to = be obliged to = be committed to = be required to = be held accountable to = have an obligation to
  be forced to = be compelled to
  older people, the elderly, the retired, senior citizen, the old generation
  younger member of the family, the younger generation, younger relatives
  change = shift = development
  disadvantages = weak points = shortcoming = drawback
  measure = approach = mean = strategy
  well-known < famous < legendary
  imperfect < bad < worthless
  like < admire < idolise
  recognition < praise < acclaim
  imitate = emulate
  situation = context = circumstance
 