Unit 1 Gender roles
Unit 2 Diet & nutrition
  Question type:
    a. Propose one or more solution to a problem.
      This type of qution either contains the word 'should' or it can be rephrased with 'should'.
      Example: How can the problem of inequality in the workplace best be addressed? == How should we solve the problem of inquality?
    b. Evaluate one or more solution to a problem.
      You will recognise this type of question in the same way as above.
      Example: Many people believe that boys and girls learn better when they are educated separately. What is your view on this practice? == Should boys and girls be educated separately?
    c. Present your ideas about a topic
      This type of question usually requires you to make a prediction or write about causes and/or effects.
      Example: What do you see as the main reason for gender inquality in the workplace? == What are the causes of gender inequality in the workplace?
    d. Evaluate an idea about a topic
      This type of question asks you to consider the truth value of a prediction, explanation or statement.
      Example: Many people maintain that boys are naturally more aggressive than girls. To what extent do you agree with this view? == Consider the truth value of the statement that boys are naturally more aggressive than girls.
      
  Arguments:
	gender equality:
    There may indeed be good arguments for allowing certain posts to remain predominantly.
      all-female hospital, physical strength.
    However in the vast majority of situations, making occuptions more open to both genders has distinct advantages.
      different perspective and approaches.
      female police may have greater understanding of domestic violence and a better range of strategies for dealing with this problem.
      male school teachers probably have a better understanding of the needs of young boys and can serve as good role models for them.
    food:
      The problem of rising levels of obesity in many parts of the world is mainly due to people's lack of knowledge about food and nutrition.
      Because fast food is generally unhealghy, governments should regulate the fast food industry in the same way that they regulate the alcohol and tobacco industries.
  Sentences:
    Some would argue that this situation will correct itself over time. However, in my view, there is much that can be done to address the problem constructively.
    However, the trend in modern times has been for both men and women to have great freedom of choice in terms of employment.
	In my view, wherever possible, gender equality should be encouraged.
	The change that result from allowing men into female-dominated occupations and vice versa may be subtle, but they are far-reaching.
	However, to benefit the most from this development, it is important not to expect males and females to approach work in identical ways.
  phrase:
    tackle the problem quickly.
    a more feasible approach
    equivalent work
    promote equality
    set a good example for...
    socially-advanced modle
    create a bad impression
    consider it worthwhile to...
    fair and reasonable
    To further encourage equality ...
    excessive and difficult 
    as a norm
    become increasingly prevalent
	dietary supplement(tablets or foods taken to improve nutrition)
	organic food(food grown without artificial fertilizers or pesticides)
	obesity
	genetically modified food
	seasonal produce
	convenience food, fast food
	malnutrition(physical weakness resulting from lack of food or poor diet)
	vegetarianism
  equals:
    men and women = male and female
    equality > equivalent > ineuality
    create = establish
    promote = encourage
	in modern times