Unit 1 People & relationships
Unit 2 A healthy body
Unit 3 Studies & work
Unit 4 The worlds around us
Unit 5 Communication
Unit 6 Technology
Unit 7 Hobbies
Unit 8 Youth
Unit 9 Home
Unit 10 Culture

Topic 
  Describe an exciting competition or sporting event you have witnessed.
    competive electric game, 
  
Pronunciation:
  Weak and strong forms
    If you use weak forms correctly, you will be more fluent and you will sound more like a native speaker. Knowing about weak forms will also help you understand the examiner more easily; it is easy to miss weak forms because they are unstressed.
    Strong and weak forms chart P13.
    Other function words also have weak forms:
      positive auxiliary verbs( can must do shall was are)
      pronouns ( her you them your)
      conjunctions( and but because('cos) than)
      article(a an the) bloke
  Word stress:
    Word stess is crucial in English. If you stress the wrong syllable, the listener may have trouble understanding you. Always mark the stressed syllable when you note down a new word.
    Rule A: Tow-syllable nouns and adjectives are most often stressed on the first syllable.
    Rule B: There are words that can be either a noun or a verb. If they are spelt the same and have two syllables, the noun ( and adjective) is usually stressed on the first syllable, whereas the verb on the second syllable.
    Rule C: Words that end in -sion and -tion have the stress on the penultimate(倒数第二next to last)syllable.
    In most neutral sentences, content words, which carry meaning, are stressed and function words, like prepositions are unstressed.
    Content words:
      main verbs
      nouns
      adjectives
      adverbs
      negative auxiliary verbs (can't don't)
      demonstratives (this, that, these)
      questions words ( who, which)
    Function words:
      pronounse(I, you)
      prepositions
      articles ( a, the, some)
      conjunctions (and, but, so)
      auxiliary verbs(can, should, must)
      verb be (is, am, was)
  The schwa /倒e/
    The schwa is the most common sound in English. It cannot appear in a streesed syllable.
  -ed
    it is pronounced /id/ when the verb ends in a /d/ or a /t/ sound.
  Linking:
    1. Consonant + vowel
      in+England
    2. Vowel + vowel
      a. the first vowel is /ei/,/ai/,/oi/,/i:/(all is ended by /i/) + /j/
        the+end, I+ate        
      b. the first vowel is /au/,/倒eu/, /u:/(all is ended by /u/) + /w/
        too+often, so+amazing
      c. first vowel is /i倒e/,/e倒e/,/u倒e/,/o:/,/a:/,/倒e/+/r/
        far+away, I saw+it
    
Grammar: 
  Speculating
    The questions above ask about an unreal situation. To talk about an unreal situation, you can use 'would + infinitive'.
    Example: My dream job would be to teach children to sail.
    Some useful words:
     maybe, perhaps
     It is fairly/quite/very/extremely likely/unlikely (that) ... It is fairly likely I would need more qualifications.
     I'd hazard a guess that ...: I'm not sure, but I'd hazard a guess that it's not as well paid as being an accountant.
     It is quite possible that ...
     I imagine/suspect that...: I suspect that I wouldn't find it very satisfying role.
     Mush + infinitive:
     can't + infinitive: It can't be very rewarding.
  Cleft sentence:
    Torrential rain is the main cause of flooding. = 
    It is torrential rain that is the main cause of flooding.
    We like to spend our summers by the lake. =
    What we like is to spend our summers by the lake.
  Subordinate clause:
    Although
    Whereas
    since
  Making comparisions
    We can use words like much and a bit in comparative sentences to modify the adjective.
      much, significantly, far = a lot: Texting is much quicker than writing a letter.
      a bit, slightly, marginally = a little
    We can also use certain words in superlative sentences to modify the adjective.
      by fra = by a great amount: American films are by far the most popular films in my country.
      easily = without question: Toni is easily the best student in our class.
    the + comparative (+ subject + verb), the + comparative (+ subject + verb)
      The more languages you speak, the easier it is to learn a new one.
      The sooner, the better.
    nearly as ... as
      My mum's English is nearly as good as mine.
    not as ... as
      Hngarian is not as widely spoken as English.
  Present perfect: (unit 7)
    1. to talk about something that began in the past and continues now.
      I have known her since she was famous.
    2. to talk about something that happened at an unspecified time in the past.
      Have you ever been bungee jumping?
  Present perfect continuous(and prensent simple):
    1. you can use eigher tense to talk about how long an activity has been going on.
      I've done yoga for six years.
      I've been doing yoga for six years.
    2. The present perfect continuous is also used to emphasise how long something has been going on.
      I've been playing badminton for twenty years. He's only been playing for three months.
      Note: know, believe, see, want do not generally have a continuous form.
  Future tense:
    1. be going+to. In many cases, both the present continuous and be going to can be used. Be going to emphasises a previous decision or intention.
      I'm going to take a long lunch break today.
    2. will(won't) + infinitive is used with predictions based on opinions or our experience, with hopes and with assumptions.
      He'll call you when he gets there. Don't worry.
    3. The future prefect - will have + past participles - is used to say something will have happened or will have been completed by a certain point in the futre (note that by here means not later than). The weak forms of will have are /wil h倒ev/ or /wil 倒ev/
      I think that by 2050 people will have forgoten about the origins of Christmas.
      

Expressing attitude
  admittedly 公认的
  as luck would have it
  ideally
  all things considered
  even more importantly
  undoubtedly, apparently, interestingly, obviously, undeniably
  arguably, inevitably, precisely
  unfortunately, sadly
  of course, predictably
  strangely, (un)surpringsly,
  thank goodness, thankfully,
  Due to the emergence of China as a leading economic poer, Mandrin will undoubtedly become the foreign language of choice in future years. I am sure of it.
  My friend wants to improve her speaking and, as luck would have it, our school has just set up an English conversation club.
  At OTA, predictably, there's not a lot of respect for Mack's point of view.

Practise skill:
  record your answer.
  listen your record, note down errors and the place needed improve.
    time tense, phrase, accent, pronuciation
  answer again.
  
Paragraph:
  The person I'm closest to in my family is definitely my mum. We've always got on and we hardly ever fall out. She's really outgoing and sociable - she's always going out with her friends. Everyone thinks she's good fun. I look up to her because she's so hard working - she never sits still and she works long hours. She can be a bit impatient, though - she gets annoyed when her colleagues aren't as efficient as her. I take after her in that, I'm impatient too. She's over-sensitive, often getting offended for seemingly no reason.
  My cousin Kieron and I grew up together. We were inseparable. He was so creative - he'd always think of new games we could play and make up these stories to make me laugh. I was constantly amazed by his open mindedness as well- he was never judgemental. I wish I could be like that. Unfortunately, we grew apart, slowly but surely, and by the time we went to uni we weren't in touch any more. I haven't see him for years. It's really sad. I would blame it partly on the fact that he's not very reliable, so for example, if I email him he won't respond. I'm not sure what he's up to these days.
  My family is everything to me. They are my best friends, they support me when things aren't going well and when things are going well. I know they'll always be there for me, no matter what.
  I'm self-employed. I give art classes , mainly to retired people. I many not earn a great deal but I get an immense amount of job satisfication, because I see people who have barely held a brush before gain in confidence and learn new skills. I don't think I could cope with having an office job - the monotony would drive me mad. People in offices seem to work long hours, and there's always the risk of being made redundant or getting sacked. Nobody can fire me because I'm my own boss.
  I'm a water engineer. In my current job, I'm responsible for designing flood defence systems and monitoring flood levels. I must admit that I'm a bit of a workaholic. I'm constantly doing overtime - unpaid, I should add - and so I generally get home late. I would definitely say I live to work, not work to live. Years ago, I did a lot of volunteer work, advising people in developing countries on installing  water supplies. However, since I 've now settle down and am the main breadwinner, I feel I have to earn a decent wage. My wife works part-time but she only went back to work last month. Before that, she was a stay-at-home mum. I think she enjoyed looking after the kids but she's always been quite career-minded so she didn't want to stay a housewife forever.
  The integration of the world's economies and cultures is commonly known as globalisation. Although there is nothing new about countries working closely together, globalisation is now happening at a remarkable pace. This is largely due to technological advances. Television channels such as the BBC are available throughout the world, and many clothing and food brands are recognisable to people of almost any nationality. In addition, the Internet creates a common global culture, one which is predominantly English speaking.
  The novel I'm reading at the moment is a real page-turner. I just can't put it down. It's set in Renaissance Italy and is about young women who are forced to become nuns because ... In the opening chapters, for example, a character falls in love with her music teacher and the family don't approve.
  
Sentence:
  I consider myself to be...
  I would say I was...
  I know this is a cliche, but...
  I don't get go on with ...
  When he gets into something, he gives one hundred per cent.
  We try to catch up on a fairly regular basis, say three times a year.
  I keep fit by going swimming.
  He served an ace.(发球)
  It's a battle of the mind as much as the body.
  I find it interesting to see how some players may be highly skilled but don't have the mental strength to win.
  Most people lead a sedentary lifestyle these days and ingest far more calories than their body need.
  There are certain people who have such a fast metabolism that it seems they don't put on weight no matter how mush they eat.
  Fruit and vegetables are a great source of vitamins.
  The crowd went wild!
  Without a TV people are much more likely to keep active.
  Children will love the sense of achievement sport can give you.
  Even if you don't smoke yourself, passive smoking can harm your health.
  People ought to be encouraged to lead healthy lives.
  During the rainy season, there is really high humidity so it gets awfully(notoriously) hot and sticky, and we often get torrential rain, which can cause severe flooding.
  It tends to be(is usually) boiling hot, and most tourists find the heat unbearable.
  In the winter, it gets bitterly cold. We get bitting winds.
  I'm soaked to the skin. I'm drenched. I wish I had my waterproofs on.
  I feel so dehydrated. I wish I cold find some shade.
  My teeth are chattering. I wish I was wearing more layers. I'm frozen to the bone.
  The temperature often gets(reaches) above 40C.
  In the spring, we sometimes get qutie mild weather.
  American films tend to be subtitled, not be dubbed instead.
  Every language has a lot of loanwords.
  That's a tough question. good question
  It's very difficult to know for sure, but I think/perhaps/it's possible
  I had expected it to be really thought-provoking ...
  I've just taken up the piano.it inspire me.
  What I like about them is their thoughtful lyrics and catchy tunes.
  When it comes to film, my favourite genre is suspense film.
  This film was so acted-well, it was a star-studded cast. And it was so touching.
  Could you rephase your question please.
  I live right in the centre, within easy walking distance of shops, restaurants and bars.
  I love all the hustle and bustle.
  Where  my auntie lives in idyllic and the pace of life is very slow.
  There is a real shortage of affordable housing in my city.
  It marks the anniversary of the day that we gained our independence.
  
Phrase:
  upset us
  terribly blunt
  go our for a meal
  self-assured
  it's gone from strength to strength
  my extended family is fairly big.
  a sporty guy
  very determined person
  I'm laid back.
  a bit of a self-absorbed person 固执己见
  widely dispersed
  a breakdown of communities
  elderly people tend to be forgotten and usually live on their own.
  rely heavily on
  relying on = because of
  the wisest members of society
  an immense amount
  old people are very well placed to give good advice on
  I have less in common with some friends than I used to.
  tedious, entertaining, enjoyable,
  I'm quite into swimming and diving.
  an up-and-coming talent
  go on a diet.
  junk food
  metabolism
  malnutrition, nourish v. 滋养 nourished 有营养的
  carbonhydrates
  calory
  put on weight, lose weight, underweight(too thin, and therefore not healthy)
  good job security
  high pretige
  tuition fees
  my dream job
  apparently
  provided that: I'll get into university provided that I get straight As.
  unless, as long as, no matter how: I will never be an athlete, no matter how I train really hard.
  biography, anecdote
  ample opportunity
  I would dread every lession.
  geometry, algebra
  boycott products
  keep in touch, lose touch, get back in touch: I asked John for Mel's new number because I wanted get back in touch with her.
  technophile, technophobe
  gadget
  state-of-the-art, outdated
  cling stubbornly顽固地 to outdated equipment
  Artificial Intelligent, Machine Learning
  blow up爆炸，放大 blow up the photo, reduce
  turn up出现，调高 I waited for two hours but you didn't turn up where were you?
  turn down 调低， 拒绝
  This programme is so dull, can we turn over?
  set off出发，触发
  cyber bullying: when someone is harassed, threatened or humiliated over the internet
  internet addiction
  eat in, eat out
  indifferent adj 漠不关心的，中立的 indifference
  be keen on... = be crazy about = be fanatic about = be a big fan of 
  can't stand = be not my kind of thing
  indifferent: don't mind ..., can take it or leave it.
  hobies: camping, crafts, eating out, going clubbing, going for walks, listening to music
  It was so hilarious.
  suspense film, horror film, comdy, rom-com
  slow-moving plot
  once a fortnight, every single day, every other day, several times a year, every Tuesday. 
  the memory are vivid
  leave a lasting impression
  It's still fresh in my mind
  vague memory
  It's on the tip of my tongue.
  reminisce about
  It all comes flooding back.
  Dosen't time fly
  see everything through rose-tinted glasses.
  the name escape me.
  it's easy to get sentimental.
  it's realy take me back.
  adolescent = the young = the teenager
  tell someone off
  urban regeneration 重建
  very remote
  high-rise flats
  detached houses
  In the middle of nowhere
  countryside is really picturesque
  cosmopolitan
  tourist destination
  cramped
  big and spacious
  population has risen dramatically
  lead to a breakdown in the community ties
  price of property has escalated
  forcing young people to move away from the area.
  don't bewail the changes
  craftsmanship
  alcoholism
  neighbourhood
  roadworthy
  foolproof
  get the day off
  national anthem
  till the small hours of the morning.
  in a great mood.
  remains of stone age
  carbon dating
  draw over 800,000 visitors every year.
  historical significance
  altered or demolished without permission
  natural and cultural heritage
  world heritage sites
  receive funding
  
  
  
Equals: