As the quest for oil intensifies, supermajors will probably take on more risks, both political (tie-ups with dodgy regimes) and geological (investing billions to extract hydrocarbons the Earth is reluctant to give up). They are already doing a fair bit of both. Even Exxon, renowned for its capital discipline, has struck riskier-than-usual deals in the Arctic and the Black Sea with Russia’s state oil firm, Rosneft.
Life is getting harder for the supermajors.
Their edge over their rivals—the ability to extract oil from difficult places—is terrifically useful while prices are high.

好句:
Common sense tell us we cannot have dessert before we finish the meal; we cannot have a slim figure untill we diet; we cannot have strong muscles untill we exercise; we won't have a fortune untill we make it. So far common sense is right.

More and more that miss Leslie said made less and less sense.

Every Mountain is unclimbable untill someone climb it, so every ship is unsikable untill it sinks.

Oh, dear if I answer truthfully, you'll think me rather forward.

Drop us a line.

Daisy, did you hear me call or have you gone selectively deaf?

He is very full of himself. 自私

Have a smack.

Yes, by all means. 无论如何

I don't see the point of it.

You are sailing perilously危机四伏地 close to the wind, O'Brien. 

Don't push your luck, Thomas.

drive someone away

We will never set eyes on you again.

My dear fellow, we all have chapters we would rather keep unpublished.

I put mysellf entirely in your hands.

Hope I didn't wear you out today. 没有让你精疲力竭

I will not insult you by asking that you also conceal Lady Mary's shame.

He was as dead as doornail. 非常沉闷

Nanny always said sweet tea was the thing for frayed nerves.

Just the ticket. 正好

Everything seems so golden one minute, then turns to ashes the next.

Don't raise the white flag quite yet.

We are all behind you.

So, if there's anything I can do, please ask.

We all carry scars, inside or out.

He want back under his own steam. 独立的

I had him on the ropes.

I am well aware of your efforts.对... 相当清楚

I don't see why not?

Heavens = very good

She is barking up the wrong tree. 找错了对象

He is at least my age and as dull as paint. 极其乏味

What an archivement?

I believe the committee feel obliged to give you the cup.

I take that as compliment.
  
Fight fire with fire.

Spare me your boasting, please. 不要对我吹牛了

Sometimes, even to deny these things is only to throw paraffin石蜡 on to the flames.

I would value your opinion.

a fig about = a fig of 少许

When something bad happens, there's no point in wishing it had not happened. The only option is to minimise the damage.

I mean one way or another, everyone goes down the aisle with half the story hidden. one way or another 无论如何

In this case, Mary has the trump card. 王牌

To thing about our old lives just going on as before.

You can't jump in and out of the army like a jack-in-the-box.

It may be something of a rough awakening.

Don't be daft!

He may love me, but he doesn't own me.

I don't think we're ever going to eye to eye on this.

Don't be so hard on yourself.

I'd love to help but it's not within my power to hook me from hither and thither as I please. hither and thither到处

I just hope Mr Carson doesn't spontaneously combust. adv. 自然地 vt. 燃烧

He's got broad shoulders.

But we'd rather know the worst than wonder.

I'm counting on it.

That's not for me to say.

If you love him more than anyone in the world, then of course you should.

It's not as simple as that.

There is no "if" about it.

If any man can show any just cause why they may not lawfully be joined together, let them now speak or else hereafter forever hold his pease. 婚礼上

On any terms.

I'll be the judge of that.

I don't think we can say "should" about things that happen in war.

You are hereby sentenced to serve 25 years to life at the Lompoc Maximum Security Prison System, without the possibility of early parole.

Stay the fuck out of my way.

Let me tell you a true story.

Someone who can blend in anywhere is chameleon.

Someone who can bullshit their way out of anything is fast talk.

We got to move up our timeline.

I get eyes on your son now.


      
      