I'm currently working at ...
I'm from here in Hangzhou.
My hometown is somewhere in the southeast in the Zhejiang.

... basically becaues

going back to study

which university are you at?
which company do you go to?
which company do you work at?

I was stuck in traffic. be stuck in 困住

To be honstly, I don't really have that many hobbies.
that在否定句中表示程度

There are two of us in my family.
regarding to my mother...
ask for me...
my mother is really good cook.

It's really fun and enjoyable.

travel around the world.
the states = US

pop concerts

sporty guy.

laid-back = lenient = 放松的，易相处的
he is easy to get on with.

we've got a bit in common.

51ielts.com
3gbbs.com
ted.com

Along with the increase in people's standards of living.

连读
  there+are+a lot+of 
  I would-say 
  to-go
  there+is+a
  
here you are
  there you go
  给你
  
用在开头的填充词
想一想的话
  Thinking about it...
    Well, thinking about it, I would say my hometown has changed quite a lot.
简单来说
  In a nutshell,
    Well, in a nutshell, I would say my university life is really fun and enjoyable.
  Basically,
    Well basically, I would say that the traffic situation in my hometown is getting worse.
  To put it simple,
    Well, to put it simple, I would say the main reason why I like my friend is because he's really supportive.
说实话
  To be (quite) honest
    Well, to be quite honest, I'm not really a big fan of reading books.
  To be totally/completely honest (with you)
    Well, to be totally honest with you, I kind of think reading is waste of time, you know!
  If I'm gonna be totally/completely honest
    Well, if I'm gonna be totally honest with you, I don't really have that many hobbies.
  Honestly speaking,
    Well, Honestly speaking, my hometown is not a very scenic city.
  Frankly speaking,
    Well, frankly speaking, I kind of reckon that most museums are pretty dreary (a.沉闷的，枯燥无味的，令人沮丧的).
  To tell (you) the truth,
    Well, to tell you the truth, I'm not really sure what my future plans are.
  In all honesty
    In all honesty, I'm not a great cook!
  If truth be told
    If truth be told, I don't really enjoy my major.
我其实没认真的想过这个问题，但是
  I haven't (really) given a great deal of thought to this question, but I guess...
    I haven't really given a great deal of thought to this question, but I probably don't think celebrities are good role models for kids.
其实
  Actually,
    Actually, I have quite a number of hobbies.
  As a matter of fact,
    As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook!
停顿
  You know,
    Well you know, I would basically say that buses in Hangzhou are a little crowded.
不经过思考的话
  Off the top of my head, I would say...
    Well, off the top of my head, I would say that my favourite film is The Shawshank Redemption.
一般来说
  Generally speaking,
    Well, generally speaking, I would say university life is pretty fun.
  By and large,
    Well, by and large, I'd say the weather in my hometown is pretty decent.
  On the whole,
    On the whole, I tend to just chill out（在家中休息） at home on the weekends.
很难概括，但是
  It's (kind of) hard to generalize, but I guess...
    Well, It's kind of hard to generalize, you know, but I guess with this view, yeah ....
    
    
Part 2 技巧1 Describe somethig.
  示范题
  Describe a recent happy event.
  You should say:
  What the event was
  When and where it happend
  What you saw or did
  And explain why the event was so enjoyable
  结构句型：
    Ok, right then, I'm going to describe a happy event.
    Well actually, I should firstly say that I'm lucky to have been to a number of enjoyable events recently, but if I had to choose one, I would probably say ...
    (And) As for 时间地点
    (And) Moving on to the next point, (then), which is regarding 做了什么
    Finally, if time permits, with regard to why ... 为什么
    Ok, I think that's pretty much everything (there is to say). Thanks for listening.
  
Answer:
  Strong Yes
    Yeah, I would definitely say so,
      Is watching TV a popular activity inn your country?
      Well generally speaking, Yeah, I would definitely say so, basically because (you know) pretty much everyone now has a TV at home, and I would say that nowadays there are a lot of interesting and entertaining programs you can watch.
  Weak Yes
    I guess I'd probably say so
      Do you think you are an ambitious person?
      Mmm, I guess I'd probably say so, yeah, because I plan to get into a good university somewhere abroad and then hopefully start up my own company.
  Not sure
    I'm really not that sure actually, but I'd probably say
      Is it important to have a good relationship with your neighbour?
      Well, to be quite honest, I'm really not that sure actually, but I'd probably say my general feeling is that, (you know), it's not that important nowadays, the main reason being that people are getting busier and don't really have that much time to spend with their neighbours.
  Depends
    It's (kind of) hard to generalize
      Do people eat Western food in your country?
      Well, it's (kind of) hard to generalize, because there are both those that like it, and those that don't, but I guess by and large I reckon the majority of Chinese tend to like Western food.
  Medium no
    I wouldn't really say so, no
      Is it important for children to learn a musical instrument?
      Well, to tell you the truth, I wouldn't really say so, no, because it doesn't help them with their exams. (But saying that, I guess it could help give children a more rounded education.)
  Strong no
    I would have to say no, I don't...
      Do you want to learn another language?
      Well you know, if I'm gonna be totally honest with you, I would have to say no I don't, for the simple fact that learning one foreign language is difficult enough! ( But saying that, there are also obvious benefits, such as being able to communicate with more people.)

Is food expensive in your country?
Is public transport expensive in your country?
Is swimming very popular in your country?
Is fast food popular in your country?
Do you think unhappiness is always bad for you?
Do you think colours are important?
Is taking photographs very popular in your country?
Do you think it's good for children to learn how to make things by hand?
Would you say your hometown is a good place to grow up?
Do you think public holidays are important?
Do you think we should protect birds?
Do you think you watched too much TV when you were a child?

(Ok,) Right then, I'm going to describe a recent happy event. Well actually, I sould firstly say that I'm lucky to have been to a number of enjoyable events recently, but if I had to choose one, I would probably say my best friend's birthday party.
(And) As for when and where it happened, well, if I remember correctly, it must have been about two or three weeks ago, and we went to a hotpot restaurant somewhere in the city centre.
Moving on to the next point, then, which is regarding what I saw or did, well, basically, we had huge meal together first, and then after that, we all went to sing KTV. The funny thing was, though, that most of his friends didn't actually sing anything, as they were more interested in play drinking games with each other, and I seem to remember that a huge amount of alcohol was consumed that night!
Finally, if time permits, with regard to why the event was so enjoyable, well, I guess the main reason would be that it was great to spend a night out with my best friend, because I don't see him all that often, so we were able to catch up on a lot of things. And another reason would be that his friends were all really funny and were cracking jokes the whole evening, so everyone basically had a really great time. Ok, I think that's pretty much everything there is to say, so thanks for listening.

Vocabulary
  TV: 
    There's a wide variety of...
      There's a wide variety of programs on TV nowadays.
    dating shows
      Right now, dating shows are probably the most popular shows on TV.
    chat shows
      Probably the most popular chat show right now is "A meeting with Lu Yu".
    Talent shows
      In the last few years, talent shows, such as Happy Girls have become really popular.
    TV series
      I often watch US TV series to help improve my English.
    Quiz shows
      I would say quiz shows aren't all that popular in China.
    It's quite addicitve
      One of the reasons why people watch so much TV is that it's quite addictive.
    It's very entertaining
      I really enjoy watching Kuaile Da Benying because it's really entertaining!
  Restaurants & Food
    There's quite a wide range of
      There's quite a wide range of restaurants in my hometown.
    Local cuisine
      Xin Bailu does really good local cuisine.
    I love hotpot
      I really love Hotpot, especially Sichuan-style.
    It's really good-value
      The food at Bailu is really good-value.
    It's dirt cheap
      Shaxian Snack is dirt cheap.
    It's quite pricy
      Louwailou is quite pricy.
    It's quite hygienic/ unhygienic
      Most low-end restaurants, such as Shaxian tend to be quite unhygienic.
    It's packed = full of people
      Bailu is packed every evening.
    It's high/mid/low-end
      Bailu is a mid-end restaurant, which does a range of Chinese dishes.
    I usually eat in/out
      I eat in most of the time.
    Order a take away
      If I'm feeling lazy I'll order a takeaway.
    It's really authenic 正宗
      Bailu does really authenic local cuisine.
  Hobbies & Free time
    Unwind/Wind down
      I enjoy listening to music in the evening as it helps me unwind.
    Chill out
      I like chilling out at home when I'm not busy with stuff.
    Time-consuming
      Reading novels are quite time-consuming if you know what I mean.
    Really addictive
      I often play computer games, because they're just so addictive.
    I like to set aside time for
      Every day I like to set aside time for exercising.
    It helps me keep fit
      Playing basketball every day helps me keep fit.
    It helps me keep in shape
      Doing yoga helps me keep in shape.
    It's good exercise
      I usually take the stairs instead of the lift because it's good exercise.
    Jogging
      I like going jogging first thing in the morning.
    Go for a stroll
      I often like to go for a stroll by the West Lake.
    puts me in a good mood
      Excersing tends to put me in a good mood.
    is too much effort
      I don't go to the gym because it's just too much effort!      
    super(+ adj)
      I'm super busy during the daytime so I like to just chill out at home in the evenings.
  Clothes, Fashion and Shopping
    Many people tend to...
      Young people tend to go shopping more often than old people.
    Buy things on impulse
      Girls tend to like buying things on impulse.
    quite trendy/ fashionable
      Most of my friends are quite trendy.
    designer brands
      I don't often buy designer brands because I think they're not worth the money.
    there's a good selection
      There's a really good selection of clothes at InTime.
    casual
      Your people tend to like wearing casual clothes.
    formal
      On special occations, like weddings, I normally wear formal clothes.
    The clothes are well-made
      I like going to Zara because the clothes thend to be well-made.
    I like to shop around
      I usually always shop around for clothes before I buy them.
    It has a lot of special offers
      Most of the time I go clothes shopping at InTime, because it tends to have quite a lot of special offers.
      
Part 3 type. 
  1. Comparing 比较
    回答模板：
      开头：
        I would say that ... have changed quite a lot.
        I would say that things have changed quite a lot.
        Yeah, I guess I would probably say so, because...
      第一个变化：
        And to begin with, I guess one of the biggest changes would be that in the past, sth used to verb, whereas nowadays...
      第二个变化:
        (And) Another thing (I would say) is that ...
      结尾：
        So (yeah) I would say these are (pretty much) the main changes.
        So (yeah) I guess these would be the main changes.
        I'm sure there are more changes, but this is all I can think of right now.
        That's pretty much all that comes to mind.
    例子：
      How have TV programs changed in China?
      Thinking about it, I would say that TV programs have changed quite a lot. And to begin with, I guess one of the biggest changes would be that in the past, there used to be only a limited variety of programs, whereas nowadays, there is a much wider range of things on TV, such as talent and dating shows. Another thing is that TV programs nowadays are all in colour, whereas in the past they used to all be in black and white. So yeah I guess these would be the main changes.
    问题列表：
      1. How have TV programs changed in China?
      2. Do you think children today have more freedom than in previous years?
      3. How have people's leisure activities changed between now and in the past?
      4. Are people's homes nowadays the same as they were in the past?
      5. How has your neighbourhood changed in recent years?
      6. What changes have you seen in the types of magazine and newspapers in your country?
      7. How have films changed in your country?
      8. In your country, is radio today the same as it was several decades ago?
      9. How has music changed in your country?
      10. how has technology affected people's lives?
      11. How has transportation changed in your hometown?
      12. Do you think peopel today take more risks than people in the past?
      13. Do you think the way parents today treat their children is the same as in the past?
      14. Do you think people are more materialistic(唯物主义) today than they used to be?
      15. Do you think that people's views about happiness today are the same as people's views about happiness in the past?
      16. Are news reports today in your country different to news reports many years ago?
      17. Do you think growing up in a family today is the same as it was several decades ago?
      18. Is the way that people access information today the same as in the past?
 
练习发音的句子：
  Newton thinks that he should try to cherish to little apple that interestingly drops down from the tree in January.

因果关系，并列关系

描述：
  1. who, what
  2. when
  3. where
  4. how
  5. why
  tell your own story
  
mainly because
especialy because
partly because
essentially because

虚拟语气：
  表示对现实中不可能发生的事情的假设。
  对现在与未来的假设，if条件句中用过去式， be动词都用were。
  主句使用would, could, might, should+现在式
    If it didn't rain, we would go out to play.
  对过去的虚拟，if条件句中使用过去完成式。
  语句用would+现在完成时
  如果现在和未来有可能发生，用一般现在时。但在现实使用中，虚拟语气的占绝大多数。
  
maternal 母系
paternal 父系
  

mainly because
  
  
      