journey=
  trip
  tour
  travel
  
listening:
admission =
  entry fee

Is it possible to get a student concession?

quite honestly.

cafe, a service of coffee, esp. prepared European-style.

Can I give you a word of advice.
What a good idea.
gift shop = souvenir shop

Gee. That's worth knowing.

Road name, two initial capital words. exp. Lake Road

station wagon
four-door car

price bracket
approximately = roughly = about = around
by the time we've collected our bags. 

car's special equipment: Maps, GPS, Child's seat

Is it car fully insured? I suppose I'd better have the extra insurance.
Better to be safe than sorry.

Do you know if I'm going in the right direction?
Have I come to the right place.

That seems rather(quite) unfair.

causing millions of dollar's worth of damage.

parking permit.

The atmosphere was absolutely electric.
absolutely = certainly

Emma coped well in society.

I was wondering if you could give me some information about …

forthcoming conference

enrollment procedure

venue

Presumably we can get accommodation at the hotel?

Registration fee
energy-saving
strictly speaking
attract people's attention

outline=summary
proceedings

the usual stuff

leave = depart

time: a quarter past 6, ten to 8

quay = jetty
Taxi rank
Jetty no. 2 is across the road from the taxi rank = opposite the taxi rank

It's clearly signposted.

express my opinion
commentary
upper deck 上层甲板
you could get quite sunburned.

Can I just check spelling of his name?

collect = pick up

a jet of water

emit = give off

shaped lik a … square / cube / sphere

rucksack = backpack
water bottle = drink container
decent-sized plastic water bottle
quench your thirst

picnic lunch
wide-brimmed hat

irritating = annoyed
sun tan lotion

And that's not the case with other fish?

It is safer than people think  <> It can sometimes be a lot riskier than you think.
Canoe is not everyone's idea of fun. <> It is enjoyable for most people.
It is become more popular. = More and more people are get involved in it.

It is hard to balance = It is particularly well known for being unstable.

You are thinking of taking it up. = You want to start leaning of it.

This building is a place to learn about our culture. = 
  It symbolises the existence of us.

It's surrounded by beautiful gardens.

original inhabitants
it is naturally ventilated.(cause air to enter and circulate freely in a building)

name: Cynthia
get involved in ...
white-water rafting

tray table. a little table, such as in the back of seat in the plane.
The louder the better for me.
I'm actually scared stiff of flying.

I like the appearance of the planes. =
  I just like the look of them.
I like collecting airline equipment. =
  I also like souvenirs from planes.

recreational canoeing
White-water canoeing actually gets its name from fact that ...
you've got to be padding very rappidly

Personally, I wouldn't go for a cheap one, although ...

protect yourself against the rocks

fall out of the canoe
halmet = headgear

It needs to meet certain government standards.

a reputable supplier, repute, n vt
Pollution could bring the authority's name into bad repute.

There's no point, particularly as a beginner, in wearing anything but ...
That's must.

waterproof jacket <> life jacket
ordinary rubber boots <> a pair of river shoes
special or distinctive
fill up with water
It is also essential to
wear something to protect your hands = glove

The popular rivers are, in fact, graded from one to six to tell people just how flat or steep they are.

deliberately look for the most dangerous rivers. = take risks on purpose.

form, position, colour vocabulary:
  Shape: round, oval, rectangular, circular, spherical, cylindrical, shaped like a ... square / cube / sphere, conic
  Qualities: coloured, striped, spotted, sharp
  Parts: head, face, eye, neck, top main/outer/inner part, side, handle, bottom, end
  Position: on one/both side(s), in the middle, on/at the top, above, below, around, inside, horizontal, vertical
  Material: wood(en), paper, leather, rubber, metal, glass, plastic

Although there's good chance that it will sit on the wall for years collecting dust, it could end up saving your property, or even your life.

studentboox unit 3 end.

workbook unit 3 start.

I have quite small facial features.

It was ok, I suppose.

Would you be able to tell me ...

auditorium, the area of a theater or concert hall where the audience site.


notebook = sketch book

water treatment, deal with the waste water to clean it.

That's should be interesting.

lie on = depend on

walking gear = walking equipemnt

waterproof jacket of some sort = raincoat

weather forecast

bring that along

provided (that) = if

That's a point. = You are right.

workbook unit 3 end.

studentbook unit 4 start.

Giving directions:
  You go (east) along ...
  Go (south) down Box Lane ...
  Go to the end of the street/road ...
  Go round the corner/bend弯曲/ up the hill/steps(楼外的)台阶
  Walk past the ...
  Turn left/ Turn right/ Go straight ahead ...
  on your left/right
  beyond this building
  The place is opposite/ next to / behind...
  walk west along Marble Street/Road/Lane
  in the middle of ...
  make your way back into ...
  leading down to ...
  at the north end of ...
  at the left-hand cornor
  in the northern part/area of city
  divide, left fork

Place:
  Library, Statue, Hospital, tennis courts, a set of traffic lights, cargo building, pedestrian walk way, domestic terminal, international terminal, concourse = plaza = square, main entrance, hall, metro = subway, pedestrian mall, jetty = bund = landing = quay, pedestrian tunnel, landmark, fountain, first-aid center, lecture theatre, dance studio, gym, supermarket, reception, it center,

roundabout, British term for 'traffic circle' or 'merry-go-round'

The airport has three terminals which are joined together to form one large building shaped rather like a crescent. (crescent, any shape resembling the curved shape of the moon in its first or last quarters.)

overseas = abroad

strict handluggage limitations.

Could you tell me how to get from ... to ...?
When you come up the street level ...(from the subway,metro)
The mall is packed with peopel.
new buildings, old buildings, you name it.

enthusiastic staff
be ready to help you.
It sits on a hill directly overlooking the tourist area.
The bus takes you throuth the market.
a scenic root
alternatively
However, don't expect your cab to be air-conditioned as very few have this luxury.

cap = hat
stone arch
hut = cabin = cottage
deckchair, a folding chair of wood and canvas.
follow all the notices and rules

wind farm, the wind moves rotating blades on large wind turbines.
hydroelectricity, water in a dam forces turbines round to create electricity.
solar energy - panels trap heat from the sun, which can be used for heating.
wave powere, energy is captured using a floating buoy.
biofuel, a substitute for oil/petrol is made from plants such as sugar cane, corn. 

studentbook unit 4 end.

studentbook unit 5 start.

composition = dissertation = essay

It was neatly presented.

Private funding is really the way to go.

The motorists have to pay a fortune to use the roads.

Either way you're going to pay.

computing = IT

by contrast = on the contrary

reverse, reverse your car

The state has a duty to provide free university education by giving funding for fees.
Harnessing the Sun's energy
Energy from the sun travels to the earth in the form of radiation.
copper pipes

workbook unit 4 end.

workbook unit 5 start.

How do you feel about the funding for university education?
Well, it's hard to say.

have access to
People sometimes don't value things when they're free.

look at the mess the National Health Service is in here!
do 16-hour shifts. It's exploitation.

it should be available
a dual system
alternative energy sources

We've seen how much pollution oil- and coal-fired power stations generate and the consequences of global warning are now really clear.

Wind energy isn't sustainable.
sustain = maintain = undertake

They're not really old enough to know what's good for them, are they?

carpentry

pros and cons = advantage and disadvantage

I've been looking cons and pros of public versus private funding for highways.

roads and tunnels
motorist
toll roads

Are they still buying papers, or are they a thing of the past?

get a quite good grade

statistics = data

No... but I'd like you to make a time to come and ...

on the right track

allow you more flexibility

I feel it's a really worthwhile profession.
I think you'd always find yourself employed. = good work prospects
you can go any direction = wide range of career options.
less pressure to get in = lower entry requirements

I was toying with the idea of writing a book. 

Yeah, that's possibly true perhaps.

Fair enough.
It was cramped
By contrast, when it came to petrol consumption Vehicle Two proved far from economical.
to ensure objectivity
automobile

similar to football
as far back as 1000 BC
The modern game has its origins in England.

I think the best known ever would have to be the Brizilian - Pele.
the most famous athlete
In November 1969, he scored his 1000th goal.

Referees come under enormous pressure both from the crowds and the players, but it's against the rules to argue with the ref!

FIFA, the international body governing the game.
tournament
eliminate, elimination

scholarship

Playing sport is preferable to having to study.

It really cut into my time. = time-consuming.
It's on the reading list = It's a set text for the course.
give me a extension until Wednesday week = need more time.

I'd focus on my studies a bit more.

I'm on a partial sports scholoarship, so I'm more or less obliged to sign up fro the rowing.

count me out.

That book is out on loan.

How's it going?

I've run into a bit of a problem with my essay.

the slump in the ...

if you'd be prepared to ...

Good, mate. Doing anything this evening?
You might fancy coming along?
I've got to finish my dissertation. 我将要完成...
I only scraped a pass in the first semester!

have them in the stock. out of stock.

I'll go with your first suggestion.

for my own amusement

biography of Nelson Mandela

non-fiction

studentbook unit 6 start

I thought the assignment was due in on Thursday.

I just don't seem to be able to ...

in fact = practically = in effect
Well, it's a very complex issue.

How's it going? Not too good by the look on your face.
come through with, 提供资源
Basically, if the government dosen't come through with the five hundred thousand they'd initially promised us, we ...

lay off = sack

sit a supplementary 补考

feel quite happy

But overall ...

politicain

we certainly plan to ... = that is definitely on our agenda.

increase the expenditure = raise the level of funding = increase the subsidy = allocate more money = set any additional funds
decrease the expenditure = less government money being spent on this. = at no additional cost to the state 
maintain the same level of expenditure = we feel that current level of funding is appropriate

essential medicine 

create more hospital beds = building more hospitals

subsidy = allowance
subsidise

expect = anticipate
expert

so much so that, to such an extent that: So much so that many of our best scientists are forced to go overseas.

This is an area of serious concern.
We accept that this is an area that has been under-funded.

public works = road transport system

The current trend seems to be for the government to seek private funding for the construction of major roads.

Do you see this as fair? Basically, it makes sense.

be entitled to

aside for public works.

which in turn means = which means

let's get going shall we..

rover robort

I heard that it described as being like microwave oven on wheels. = It looks like a microwave oven on wheels
Form an appearance point of view, that's a fair description.

take this for reference and make some notes.

funcations as a geologist = does the same work as a geologist

sophisticated, (of a machine, system, or technique) developed to a high degree of complexity.

What kind of spped is it capable of?

terrain, a stretch of land.

a maximum speed of = a top speed of 

On the top it's fitted with solar panel.

underneath this

This is the part known as the ...

electronics

aluminium wheels

It allows the vehicle to turn on the spot if necessary.

There's time delay.

plot a course for the rover.

Theoretically, I can't see why not.

  workbook unit 6

agree:
  Yes, I thought so too.
  I think it's quite good idea.
  I'm with Sarah.
  I think Laura's got a point.
disagree:
  I can't think anything worse.
  Frankly, I don't think much of it.
  That's not the point.
  I don't know what you see in it.

We spend far too much time talking about... and not nearly enough time worring about real issues.
I'd love to spend more time up there.

Can you play some decent music for a change - Morzart of Bach?

Sport's a substitute for things that matter - a way of distracting us.
It draws the calcium钙 out of the bones.

it is a truly venture.

I'm fed up with ...

I find it pretty dull, to tell you the truth.

postage stamp

play important role in ...
commerce

a novel idea

this week's edition

elite sport

gymnastics n
gymnastic gymnastical, adj
gymnast, people
gymnasium, n a room or building

OK, everyone! Let's get started.

a joint presentation

We're delighted to have John with us today to share his views on conservation
So let's kick off by asking him to tell us ...

begin:
  My pleasure.
  It's nice to be here.

frontiers of science, frontier, a line or border sperating two countries.

in the field of, a specialist in the field of space research.

a novel idea = new or unusual
the adressee = receiver

In effect, the post office had to cover the cost.

They came up with the brilliant idea of having a pre-paid stamp.
adhesive postage
be initially devised
the uniform price = single rate

It took the government until 1939 to accept the idea.
Previously each letter was charged, not so much by size or by weight, but according to its destination.
by = depend on

the Penny Black

They are wealth absolute fortune.

a lengthy business = time-consuming

I figure they must be quite easy and economical to produce.

But more to the point it's quite a lengthy business.

Something that represent the country in some way and which is highly recognisable at a glance.

Character = picture of people

in the UK = British

with the notable exception of members of the British royal family.

avoid the posibility of people in power using their influence to get ...

Oh, I suppose that's a point.

People sit at tables in the cafe enjoying themselves.

the dollar 50 = $1.5

studentbook unit 7

car manufacturer

Not only is Swahili spoken by the people of East Africa, it is also used as a language of trade in many African countries.

Signalling a contrast or opposite
  although, even though, despite, even if, but, while, unlike, whereas, however
  by contrast, on the one hand ... but on the other
  regardless of
Introducing an example
  for instance, for example
Giving a reason (cause and effect)
  because
Providing extra information
  in addition, additionally, also, as well as, in other words
Setting out the stages of a talk / signalling a sequence
  first of all, then, lastly
Signalling an explanation or result
  so, consequently

trapical, temperate, frigid

Rice is the staple diet in Asia, whereas corn is the staple in Central America.
staple, a main or important element of something 

Learning a foreign language can be difficult and at times frustrating. However, it can also be very rewarding.

school-leaving exam

The temperature of the sea is rising every year.

This government says they will reduce unemployment, but the number of people out of work remains the same.

Consequently = so, but it is used to link two sentences.

Idioms are a colorful and fascinating aspect of English.

It may be advisable to ...
It's wise to go to bed early and get a good night sleep.

We'll cover the period when he become an activist in his homeland.

take-away restaurant

practically = almost = virtually

You lined up for your food, paid at the counter and took it to your own table or car.

cheap = affordable
be viewed as = be seen as 

new concept
milkshakes

It was a quite achievement

along with = and

Today there is barely a country in the world where you cannot get a hamburger.

workbook unit 7

even if, the result has not happened.
even though, the result has happened.

in the history of mankind

Something of this size dosen't come cheap!

Well, despite the fact that ...

I'll run through the most common questions.

Because of the impractically of transporting large amounts of liquid into space, we've come up with some ingenious solutions.
ingenious, clever, original and inventive

reuse = recycle 
astranaut

studying life in low gravity = studies in weightlessness

metal state = psyche = psychology
We are interested in finding out what the long-term effects on the human psyche will be.
long-term = far-reaching, a series of far-reaching political reforms.
broad-reaching

daily routine, 
the first chore of the day is ...

a daily conference = meeting
So getting together is inescapable, even in space.

stare out the window

in order to offset the ill efects of being cooped up in such a small space, we have to set aside for compulsory physical movement.

work roster

studentbook unit 8

recognise the handwriting
attract a wide range of scientific studies, each with its own aims.
look at each of these in turn

You maybe suprise to know ...
Bamboo is cultivated for use as a building material as well as a source of food.
total forest area

bread, rice and pasta
the best way to serve rice or to cook noodles.
a loaf of bread

We are going to be looking at the way in which children acquire language.

the wonderful game of chess
But have you ever stopped to think where it came from?
We believe the game dates back to before AD 600.
the main commercial centres 
There are quite a few variations to the game found in other parts of the world.
Staunton gave his name to the chess pieces, in fact that are synonymous with the game.
give one's name to  = invent

Interestingly enough however,
Many people consider Capablanca as one of the top three players ever to live.

sea-faring Vikings

His game influenced many who followed him and keen professional players today still study his game. 
Information is sometimes presented sequentially or chronologically.

This area is characterised by three main features which may explain the interest in the topic.
This stems from the natural interest that people take in the developing abilities of young children. = because people have an interest in children's leaning.

the way in which ...

Because the study of how children learn can lead us to a greater understanding of language as a whole.

Firstly... Secondly ... The third point is ...

This is because of the enormous difficulties that are encountered by reasearchers as soon as they attempt to explain language development.

talking about the reaserch methods = discussion of ...

As they mature, it is possible to begin analysis in convetional liguistic terms and so ...

linguistic skiils

How linguistic skills can be developed in school-age children.

put another way = that means = that is = in other words

approaches in relation to = approaches related to 

For instance, issues such as whether to teach them to recognise methods of ...

We'll conclude with an account of(关于) current thinking ...

While Australia is famous fro its many wonderful native animals, in particular the kangaroo and the koala, it also has some less ...
This was for the purpose of sport in the form of fox hunting.

sugar cane甘蔗

be brought to = be imported to
deliberately import
in an attempt to = for the purpose of = as a resource of  ... = reason
eradicate 
grub

This, as you would expect, is far from good for the plant. = very bad
there was a serious outbreak of cane beetle.
outbreak, the sudden or violent start of something unwelcome, such as war, disease.
the outbreak of WWII.

The farmers became desperate to get rid of the pest which was ruining their livelihood.生计

About this time, news was trickling in from overseas about a toad which supposedly ate the beetles which killed cane.

It originated in ... = it was native to
apparent success

So, with the banking of the authorities, the farmers ...

to undertake the eradication of the cane beetle.

As predicated, the toads started to breed successfully and within a short time their numbers had swollen. swollen, verb, become or make greater in intensity, number, amount, or volume.

Cane beetle live at the top of cane plant well out of reach of the toads, in fact they never come into contact each other.

meanwhile = at the same time
be infested with, infest, verb, be present in large numbers, typically so as to cause dammager or disease
so as to, 以致

The toad is spreading south in plague proportions.

The added irony is that ...
... thereby ensuring the survival of the sugar cane industry to this day.

thereby = consequently = as a result of = hence = accordingly = therefore

Now, as argricultural scientist, we have to ask ourselves: what lessons are to be learned from this tale.

Firstly, one should never rely on claims which are not backed up by evidence.
One should not allow one's decision-making to be influenced by a sense of desperation which may cloud the issue. In other words, one should always seek objective advice. 

workbook unit 8

land conservation and marine conservation
If we are not very careful, a great many fish are likely to end up on the "endanered species" list.
endangered = wipe out = extinct

aim = purpose = target = goal = objective
Each language achieves the common aim - that is, to communicate thoughts - in its own way.

A ballad is a narative poem which tells an exciting story.
tales which were frightening and full of superstition. 

be absent = no = few

He effectively invented the study of botany.

positive effects that computers have had on our society.

Put in simple terms ...

It has been created by a human programmer with the single intention of corrupting and destroying useful programs.

It's known as a virus.

It funcations in a similar way in that ...

mutiply  
infiltrate

a game known as Core Wars appeared on the scene. on the scene 出场
a form of amusement = entertainment
intellectual entainment

faculty = ability = capacity = competence

pick up 获得，捡起，收拾
biologic counterparts 生物副本

as literally millions of people are in touch with each other 
literature

the determination of those who develop viruses = these attacers are going to extremes
determination决心
legitimate = legal

Trojan horses

the worst aspect of ... = 还有更重要的在后面 Bad enough you may think, but ...

So what can we do to combat these people.

avoid ayn messages which are suspicious-looking.

The third thing we can do involves tryint go ...

combat the virus plague.

it is to be well prepared.
