new insight into ietls

letter:
  beginning and ending:
    dear John, Best wishes, Best regards, Your sincerely
    Dear Sirs(Sir or Madam), Yours faithfully,
  informal opening
    I hope you're well and ...
    Sorry for not writing sooner but ...
    It was lovely to see you and your family last month ...
    Apologies for not writing for so long, but I've been really busy...
    It was great to get your postcard ... and I'm thrilled to hear you are...
    It's been a long time since we saw each other.
  formal opening
    I am writing with regard to / in connection with
    I as writing in the hope that ...
    I would like to express my concern about ...
    I am a resident of ... and I would like to draw your attention to ...
  informal ending
    Bye for now.
    I'm really looking forward to ...
    See you at the weekend.
    Hope to hear from you very soon.
    Take care!
  formal ending
    Thank you very much for your attention.
    I hope the situation will be resolved soon.
    I look forward to hearing from you.

  some polite expressions of requests or suggestions  
    I would like to
    I am interested in ...-ing
    Could I suggest that ...
    I would be greateful if ...
    Perhaps it would be better if you ...
    I would recommend that you ...
    I would appreciate it if ...
    You could consider ...-ing
    I was wondering if ...
    Would it be a good idea to ...
  apologise for something
    formal: I'm sorry that I ...
            I regret that ...
    neutral: Unfortunately/ Regrettably I ...
  ask for information
    formal: I would be grateful if you could ...
    neutral: I would (very much) like to know ...
  express satisfaction
    neutral: I was delighted/glad to hear ...
             ... was enjoyable.
  complain about something
    neutral: I am writing to express my concern about ...
             Even though I phoned you about ...
             ... is very disappointing.
  thank somebody for something
    neutral: I'm (extremely) grateful to you for ...
             I very much appreciate your ...-ing
    formal: Thank you for your kindness in ...-ing
  express sympathy
    neutral: I was (so) sorry hear about ...
  
    


I wonder whether you would be able to write a reference for me.

I discovered, to my horror, that ...

purchase = buy

be suitable for
the representative of the company.

I would be grateful if you could arrange for ...

referee: someone who introduce you to some place or job.

I'd love to keep in touch more often and I forgot to ask you for your cell phone number.
Can you let me have your address so that I can send you the photos? (informal)

I hope you are well and are still working at Kinston High because I would like to ask a favour of you. (informal)

I think there must have a mistake, as this account has been paid in full. (formal)

Many thanks for organising everything so well. Best wishes. (informal)

sympathy n, sympathetic adj, sympathize v.

check for mistakes in vocabulary, grammer and punctuation.

unit 7 

The topic is consumerism and its influence on our behaviour.
Have we become less concerned about other people because of our disire for material possessions? = Our strong desire to own these things is making us less aware of important personal qualities such as kindness and concern for others.

You need to group your ideas into main and supporting ideas. Main idess act like a theme that links your supporting ideas; supporting ideas provide evidence that either justifies or proves your main idea. In other words, they are reasons for or examples of your main idea.
Examples:
  certain groups of people would benefit (main)
    useful in the case of older drivers
    may prevent young men driving too fast
    good for people who don't drive regularly
  makes driving safer (main)
    raise driving standards
    keeps drivers up-to-date with road rules
    reduces accidents.

One of the reasons why the law should not be changed is that children ...

Also .... ... Thirdly ...

unit 8
Many adults have busy lifestyles and do not have time to prepare a proper meal when they get home, so they are forced to turn to convenience food.

Although many countries are becoming richer, these societies still have members who are poor and struggle each day to survive.

The problem cannot be resolved by giving them more state benefits.
Many societies already have systems to help poor people but perhaps they do not run these well enough.

their own fault
The problem has many different root causes.
People have to take some resposibility for their own welfare, but at the same time...

societies' welfare system

Many childhood diseases can now be prevented through the use of vaccines.
vaccination 接种疫苗
preventative medicine
bacteria, antibiotic
immunise their children aggainst common diseases
poor hygiene
variola, polio

Laws should be made forcing parents to use them.


competitive sports
vulnerable groups

The view applies to some people, but not others.

If you choose to write a counter-argument, it is a good idea to use concesional language.

The question of whether are should oblige parents to immunise their children against common diseases is a social rather than a medical one. Since we are free to choose what we eat or drink or how much exercise we take, why should the medical treatment we decide to undergo be any different?

It failed to take into consideration the individual's concerns and rights.

In the event that mass immunisation programs were to cease, the society as a wholewould be more at risk than ever before.

Some people may also be against this on religious grounds.

For these reasons I feel strongly that ... and that ...

However, while some people do not change their minds about this over the course of their lives, many others do. Yet this does not mean that.

tetanus, whooping cough

people's ambitions = job

It is perhaps this dedication that enables them to achieve their goals.

Job satisfication is related to things like enjoying what you do or oding useful, rewarding work.
So there are many things to consider when we choose a career and the right outcome does not depend on being faithful to one choice that was made as a youngster.

For conclusion:
  To sum up
  Overall / all in all
  In the final analysis
  Clearly
  In conclusion / To conclude
  Ultimately
  In the end
  Taking everything into consideration.
  For these reasons I feel strongly that ...

Clearly, the age at which we decide on a career can vary. As we get older, we develop a more mature understanding of ourselves and what we want from. In terms of future job satisfaction, the possibility of making career decisions later in life can only be a good thing.

obligatory = compulsory

For presenting ideas:
  I would argue / say that
  In my view ...
  It seems (to me) that
  I tend to think that / I feel that ...
  As far as I concerned ...
  Some / Most people argue / think / say that ...
  It is understood that ...
  It is generally accepted that ...
  There is a tendency to believe that ...
  One of the main arguements in favour of / against ...

For making concessions:
  While / although ...
  Despite the fact that ...
  Even though ...
  It could be argued that ...
  Admittedly / Certainly ... but / However
  It may be true that...

more cars and lorries will use the roads.

It seems to me that television has few benerfits for children. While I agree that there are some good educational programmes, far too much advertising is targeted at children. This encourages them to want expensive goods that their parents may not be able to afford to use.

For refuting an argument
  I am unconvinced that ...
  I don't believe that ...
  Some people find it hard to accept that ...
  It is doubtful whether ...
  There is little evidence to support the view that ...
  It is unjustifiable to say that ...
  I disagree with the view / argument that ...
  I am uncertain whether ...

For defining and explaining
  By this I (don't) mean ...
  In fact, ...
  That is not to say that ...
  In other words, ...
  That is to say, ...
  To be more precise, ...
  Here I'm (not) refering to ...

create a lot of pressure and cause stress.
Job commitment is not always the key to success.

Disruptive student = students who are noisy and disobedient = naughty students

However, I am not sure that teaching them sperately is the answer.
Students who ignore school codes of conduct are, to a certain extent, being selfish

Unit 10
So, naturally they werenot meant to handle the large volumes of traffic so common today.
... or, alternatively, to chage them a steep fee.
Indeed, ...
In myexperience, this is a sensible way to tackle the problem of traffic congestion.

For using liking words and expresions:
  For example/ For instance
  Of course ...
  Firstly / For one thing
  A good example of this is ...
  In fact / indeed ...
  If this is / were the case ...
  Naturally / Understandably
  In my experience ...

Space travel will be a realistic option in the future. If this were the case, it would be completely transform our traditional view of a holiday.
This is usually short-lived.

A good example for this my home town, where whole streets of lovely houses were knocked down in order to build high-rise flats.

Generally speaking, air travel have come down in price over the past five years. This reduction has been the result of airlines offering a 'no-frills' service, where passengers pay for refreshments.

However, others suggested that commitment to their subject was more important.

Unfortunately, it looks unlikely that his trend will be reversed.

There is always contraversy over whether it is important to spend large sums of money on medical research or whether more of this money should be directed towards treating patients.

Obviously some medical research is essential. Without it, we would have no vacciantions against diseases such as polio, no drugs such as antibiotics and no treatments like x-rays and radiotherapy.

generate huge amounts of money.
