2012-09-16

John's weibo: chinatownjohn

plural and single
  in an Indian company which I joint a year ago. 
  a nature museum
  I like reading books a lot.
  you have a great mount of time
  there are so many job opportunities.
tense
  we were really ...
  I mainly used to be fanatic about
grammer
  It's not as interesting as my last job.

words
  at the moment
  a teacher in poor regions.
  I've had this idea for many years.
  I haven't given so much thought to this question.
  generally / tend to / normally / on the whole like to ...
  in the foreseeable future.
  elderly people ... whereas young people ...
other 
  part 2, firstly write down the tense which you would use.
  
part 3 toys
How have toys changed?
Well I suppose they’ve changed quite a lot, because in the past, I guess they generally used to be quite simple and basic, whereas nowadays, I think it’s fair to say that they’ve become a bit more sophisticated. Of course, this isn’t the case with every toy, but it seems to be the general trend. So that’s one thing, And as well as this, I would say that the range of toys on the market now is far wider than it used to be, so parents are kind of spoilt for choice when it comes to choosing toys for their children.
 
Do you think it's good for parents to spend a lot of money on toys for their children?
Well I guess it depends on what the toy is, because for example, if parents simply splash out on expensive toys without giving much thought to the possible impact of the toys on their child’s development, in terms of enjoyment and educational value, then I’d say it’s not really a good thing. But if, on the other hand, parents choose toys carefully, and take into consideration how the toys might benefit their children, then I’d say it’s perfectly fine, as long as the parents can afford it, of course!
     
part 3 time management

How do people plan their daily routine?
Well, to tell you the truth, I kind of get the impression that most people don’t actually plan their daily routin e. Because I mean, to me it seems that the majority of people go about their day according to their habits rather than consciously planning it. So basically what I’m trying to say is that most people, in my opinion, don’t actually make that much of an effort to plan their routine. And instead, what generally happens is that they kind of just fall into a certain routine, if you know what I mean!

How do you think a person can find the right balance between work time and family time?
That’s a very good question, and in all honesty, I’m not actually that sure, but thinking about it, I suppose one way would be to set a limit on the amount of time you spend working each day. So in other words, you should make sure to set aside enough time to be with your family every day, and that means not working crazy hours. Of course, on certain occasions it might be unavoidable, for example if you have to go on a business trip or something like that, but most of the time, I would say it’s perfectly possible to achieve a good balance

part 2 Describe something that made you laugh
Describe something that made you laugh.
You should say:
what it was
when it was
what happened
and explain why you laughed.
 
Ok, well something that really made me laugh recently was a short video I watched on the Internet, which was of a guy doing various impressions of different English accents, as well as a few Chinese ones. So for example, one impression he did was of an American guy speaking Chinese, and another one was a French guy speaking English, which was absolutely hilarious, because it sounded so similar to how a lot of French people speak English.
 
Anyway, regarding how I heard about this video, well it was basically just one of my university coursemates who first told me about it. And he was so insistent that I watch it that he emailed me a link to the video, which I watched pretty much as soon as I received his email, because from what he had said about the video, it sounded really funny, so I couldn’t wait to watch it.
 
And I’m glad to say that it definitely lived up to my expectations, and at one point I think I was laughing so much that my sides were beginning to hurt. Thankfully no one else was around when I watched it, otherwise I’m sure they would have looked at me in a very strange way! But anyway, in the end, I think I must have ended up watching the video about seven or eight times, after which I then forwarded the link to some of my other friends, who I knew would also enjoy watching it.

So yeah, I’d say it’s definitely one of the funniest things I’ve watched in quite a while, and I wouldn’t be surprised at all if this video goes viral, because everyone I know who’s watched it also thought it was hilarious. And who knows, the guy who made it, who I think was called Mike Sui, might well go on to become quite famous, because he's definitely got the talent!

part 2 Describe someone you know who made a wrong decision.
You should say:
who the person was
what the situation was
what decision they made
and explain why you think it was the wrong decision.
 
Ok well after thinking about it for a bit just now, the person I’ve decided to talk about is a younger cousin of mine, and as for what the situation was, well basically he was planning to open up a restaurant, which had been his dream since he was very young. But I guess like most people just starting out, he didn’t have all the resources and capital himself, so he thought it would be best to run the restaurant together with someone else. And so the decision he ended up making was to share the business with someone he was friends with at the time. However, he hadn’t known them for all that long, so it was a bit risky but he kind of just went with his gut instinct.
 
So anyway, what happened was that, to begin with, the restaurant actually started off doing really well. I mean, from what he told me, it was busy everyday, so it was all looking pretty good at first. But unfortunately later, when my cousin realized that more money was needed in order to cope with the initial growth, what happened was that his partner wasn’t willing to invest anything more into the restaurant, because she was basically happy with the way things were.
 
And because of their differences of opinion, they ended up just closing the restaurant and going their own separate ways, which was a huge pity, because it had got off to such a great start, and was already becoming really popular with the locals.
 
So it was a sad end, but at least I think my cousin learnt a lot from what happened. I mean, it was the first time he had ever tried starting up a business of any sort, so it was a good learning experience for him.


上海市宜山路900号

上海漕宝路店
地    址：       上海市闵行区漕宝路1467弄12区18号       
￥    99          起
电    话：         021-34979699

上海外环路地铁站店
地    址：       上海市闵行区梅陇西路1374号     
￥    89          起
电    话：         021-34978869
