Five Catogory:
  Making a request
  Making a suggestion
  Making an apology
  Making a complaint
  Thank-you letters
  
Four Sections
  1. 写信目的。1-2句
  2. 什么促使自己写信。 3-4句
  3. 进一步提出细节。 5 句
  4. 希望回音。 1-2句
  
Request:
  I am writing to request your assistance.
  Would you pease advise me regarding...

  I would like to request materials fro ...
  I would be very grateful if you could send me information on ...
  I would like to inquire about...

  I would like to reserve one room for ... from .. to ..
  The room should be big enough to accommodate ... people comfortably.
  I wish to reserve it in advance to...
  I would appreciate your prompt reply regarding the availability of ...

  I am writing to express my interest in your recently advertised position for a ...
  I am writing in response to your advertisement in ... on...
  This morning I happened to see your advertisement.
  I am fully convinced that I am the right person for the advertised job.
  Enclosed with this letter is my resume, which gives further details of my work experience.
  I feel my qualifications and work experience would make me a good candidate for the job.
  I believe I would be a strong asset to your company.
  I would like to meet you at your earliest connvenience.
  Please contact me at your earliest convenience.

  I'm writing this letter to request your assistance in finding my ...

  I'm writing to invite you to ...
  We would feel really honored if you could come.
  I would be more than happy if...

  I would very much like you to participate in the ...
  I really hope you can make it.
  I hope all this eventually works out.
  I look forward to the pleasure of your company.

  In these circumstances, I find it difficult to...
  I would be very grateful if you would consider this request at your earliest convenience.
  Thank you for your kind assistance.

suggestions:
I would like to suggest that ...
It seems to me that you could ...
I am very glad to hear that..., so I am writing this letter to offer my suggestions.
I hear you are planning a trip in...
... is a must-see as it boasts ...
As you must be well aware, ...
I hope you have as much fun as I had.

That way, you will find that...
That way, ... would be ensured.
I would really appreciate it if you take my proposals into serious consideration.

Apology:
I'm writing to apologise for...
I would like to give you my apology for ...
Please accept my sincere apology for ...
In response to your kind offer of a position with your company, I am afraid that I have to decline.
