evaluation system
fluent
stress
liaison, and, of, nonstress syllable
idiom
communication
interesting
time tense
diversity
errors:
  plural
  time tense
  repeat

get the right rythme
1 2 1 2 1 3 2 3 2 3 1 2
0     1 1 2 1 2 0 2 1 0
0     0 0 1 0 0 0 1   0
0     0 1 1 0 0 1 0   0
0  1    1 1 1 1 1     0
0       0 2 0 0       1 
1  3    0     1
-1 -1 0 -1           -1   
      0
      -1
思考成句子，然后说，就会有重音和连读
  
用在开头的填充词
想一想的话
  Thinking about it...
    Well, thinking about it, I would say my hometown has changed quite a lot.
简单来说
  In a nutshell,
    Well, in a nutshell, I would say my university life is really fun and enjoyable.
  Basically,
    Well basically, I would say that the traffic situation in my hometown is getting worse.
  To put it simple,
    Well, to put it simple, I would say the main reason why I like my friend is because he's really supportive.
说实话
  To be (quite) honest
    Well, to be quite honest, I'm not really a big fan of reading books.
  To be totally/completely honest (with you)
    Well, to be totally honest with you, I kind of think reading is waste of time, you know!
  If I'm gonna be totally/completely honest
    Well, if I'm gonna be totally honest with you, I don't really have that many hobbies.
  Honestly speaking,
    Well, Honestly speaking, my hometown is not a very scenic city.
  Frankly speaking,
    Well, frankly speaking, I kind of reckon that most museums are pretty dreary (a.沉闷的，枯燥无味的，令人沮丧的).
  To tell (you) the truth,
    Well, to tell you the truth, I'm not really sure what my future plans are.
  In all honesty
    In all honesty, I'm not a great cook!
  If truth be told
    If truth be told, I don't really enjoy my major.
我其实没认真的想过这个问题，但是
  I haven't (really) given a great deal of thought to this question, but I guess...
    I haven't really given a great deal of thought to this question, but I probably don't think celebrities are good role models for kids.
其实
  Actually,
    Actually, I have quite a number of hobbies.
  As a matter of fact,
    As a matter of fact, I'm a pretty good cook!
停顿
  You know,
    Well you know, I would basically say that buses in Hangzhou are a little crowded.
不经过思考的话
  Off the top of my head, I would say...
    Well, off the top of my head, I would say that my favourite film is The Shawshank Redemption.
一般来说
  Generally speaking,
    Well, generally speaking, I would say university life is pretty fun.
  By and large,
    Well, by and large, I'd say the weather in my hometown is pretty decent.
  On the whole,
    On the whole, I tend to just chill out（在家中休息） at home on the weekends.
很难概括，但是
  It's (kind of) hard to generalize, but I guess...
    Well, It's kind of hard to generalize, you know, but I guess with this view, yeah ....
    
    
Part 2 技巧1 Describe somethig.
  示范题
  Describe a recent happy event.
  You should say:
  What the event was
  When and where it happend
  What you saw or did
  And explain why the event was so enjoyable
  结构句型：
    Ok, right then, I'm going to describe a happy event.
    Well actually, I should firstly say that I'm lucky to have been to a number of enjoyable events recently, but if I had to choose one, I would probably say ...
    (And) As for 时间地点
    (And) Moving on to the next point, (then), which is regarding 做了什么
    Finally, if time permits, with regard to why ... 为什么
    Ok, I think that's pretty much everything (there is to say). Thanks for listening.
  
  Answering "Yes or NO"
    Strong Yes
      Yeah, I would definitely say so,
        Is watching TV a popular activity inn your country?
        Well generally speaking, Yeah, I would definitely say so, basically because (you know) pretty much everyone now has a TV at home, and I would say that nowadays there are a lot of interesting and entertaining programs you can watch.
    Weak Yes
      I guess I'd probably say so
        Do you think you are an ambitious person?
        Mmm, I guess I'd probably say so, yeah, because I plan to get into a good university somewhere abroad and then hopefully start up my own company.
    Not sure
      I'm really not that sure actually, but I'd probably say
        Is it important to have a good relationship with your neighbour?
        Well, to be quite honest, I'm really not that sure actually, but I'd probably say my general feeling is that, (you know), it's not that important nowadays, the main reason being that people are getting busier and don't really have that much time to spend with their neighbours.
    Depends
      It's (kind of) hard to generalize
        Do people eat Western food in your country?
        Well, it's (kind of) hard to generalize, because there are both those that like it, and those that don't, but I guess by and large I reckon the majority of Chinese tend to like Western food.
    Medium no
      I wouldn't really say so, no
        Is it important for children to learn a musical instrument?
        Well, to tell you the truth, I wouldn't really say so, no, because it doesn't help them with their exams. (But saying that, I guess it could help give children a more rounded education.)
    Strong no
      I would have to say no, I don't...
        Do you want to learn another language?
        Well you know, if I'm gonna be totally honest with you, I would have to say no I don't, for the simple fact that learning one foreign language is difficult enough! ( But saying that, there are also obvious benefits, such as being able to communicate with more people.)
    Other questions:
      Is food expensive in your country?
      Is public transport expensive in your country?
      Is swimming very popular in your country?
      Is fast food popular in your country?
      Do you think unhappiness is always bad for you?
      Do you think colours are important?
      Is taking photographs very popular in your country?
      Do you think it's good for children to learn how to make things by hand?
      Would you say your hometown is a good place to grow up?
      Do you think public holidays are important?
      Do you think we should protect birds?
      Do you think you watched too much TV when you were a child?    
      
  Answering "Kinds of"
    What kinds of food do you like?
    Common response: I like Chinese food.
    Native: 
      Well basically, [I would say I like quite a variety of] food, [such as] Western and Japanese cuisine, Korean barbeque, and stuff like that, [but I'd probably say my favourity is] Chinese food, especially Seafood, the main reson being that my father pretty like it, and he constantly cook some splandid good seafood for my family.
    What kinds of films are popular in China?
    Common response: I think I love films are popular, for example Titanic.
    Native:
      Well, thinking about it, I would say there's a [fairly broad range of] films which are popular in China these days, [such as] romance films, horror films, suspense thrillers, comedies and Kungfu movies, [but I'd probably say the most popular type right now would be] sci-fi movies, such as Avatar. And I guess the reason for this is probably that the daily grind is so boring, so people like imagetive stuff.
    What types of transport do people use in your hometown?
    Common response: People use buses, taxis, and bikes.
    Native:
      Well you know, I would say that there is quite a wide variety of transport that people use in my hometown, such as buses, cars, taxis, bikes and e-bikes, but I guess the most commonly-used would be buses, for the simple fact that they are cheap and reliable.
    Other questions:
      What types of TV programs are popular in your country?
      What kinds of places do Chinese people like travelling to?
      What hobbies are common in your country?
      What type of shops can be found in your local area?
      What sports do you like playing?
      What things do people like to collect in your country?
      What kinds of music do you like listening to?
      What sorts of gifts do you give to your friends?
      What kinds of newspapers do you like reading?
      What sorts of things do people like to do when they go travelling?
      What kinds of clothes do you like wearing?
      
  Answering "How often"
    Every day/ week
      How often do you go on the internet?
      I guess I go on the internet pretty much every day, mainly just to chat with my friendss online and check my emails.
    Very often
      How often do you go shopping?
      Well, by and large, I go shopping quite a lot! I guess probably something like once or twice a week, because I enjoy chatting with my friends while we look around all shops.
    Not very often
      How often do you cook?
      Well, if truth be told, I don't really cook that often, I guess probably only something like once every tow or three months or so, because I'm an absolutely terrible cook!
    Hardly ever
      Do you often go to the cinema?
      Well, in all honesty, I hardly ever go to the cinema, the main reason being that there aren't really any decent cinemas in my area. So this being the case, I probably only go there about once or twice a year or something.
    Other questions:
      How often do you take photographs?
      How often do you do play sport?
      How often do you need to memorize a number?
      How often do you see your neighbours?
      How often do you go on the internet?
      Do you often eat meals with your family?
  Answering "When"
    A long time ago
      When did you last go travelling?
      Well, honestly speaking I can't quite remember because it was ages ago. I guess it must have been around 4 or 5 years ago, when I had just finished middle school.
    Quite a long time ago
      When did you last have a visitor to your home?
      Well, it's hard to remember exactlly, but if my memory serves me correctly, it must have been something like 6 or 7 months ago, so it was quite a while ago!
    Recent
      When did you last watch a film?
      Actually it was pretty recently, probably only about 3 or 4 days ago or something.
      Actually, it wasn't that long ago, probably only about...
    Future
      When will you go study abroad?
      I'll be going there sometime next year, in about 6 or 7 month's time, basically as soon as I graduate from university here.
    Other questions:
      When did you start using computers?
      When did you last make something by hand?
      When did you last give a gift to someone?
      When did you last visit a historical site?
      When will you graduate?
      When will you study abroad?
      
  Answering "Do you prefer"
    Strong preference
      Do you prefer writing emails or letters?
      Well, without a doubt, I much prefer writing emails to writing letters, for the simple fact that writing emails are convenient and free, unlike letters.
      Do you prefer watching sport or playing sport?
      Without question, I definitely prefer playing sport to watching it, as doing exercise puts me in a good mood. But saying that, I probably watch sport more often!
    Weak preference
      Would you prefer to live in a city or in the countyside?
      It's kind of hard to say, because both have their plus points, but I guess if I had to choose one over the other, I would probably say I'd prefer to live in a city, mainly coz there are more things to do.
    Depends
      Do you prefer face to face communication or communication by phone?
      Well for me it depends on the situation really(speak very quickly). Sometimes I prefer using my mobile over face-to-face communication, as it's more convenient, but sometimes my preference would be communicating in person, especially if we are discussing something important.
    Not sure
      Do you prefer to have young people as your neighbours, or old people?
      You know I've never really thought about this to be honest, and off the top of my head, I'm really not that sure, but I guess I prefer to have young people as neighbours rather than old people as we will probably have more things in common. But saying that, young people tend to make more noise than old people!
    Other questions:
      Do you prefer watching TV on your own or with others?
      Do you prefer watching a concert on TV or going to it lives?
      Do you prefer to buy things in small shops or in big shops?
      Do you prefer swimming in a pool or the sea?
      Do you prefer watching TV or listening to the radio?
      Do you prefer travelling on your own or with others?
      Do you prefer to eat out or cook at home?
      Do you prefer individual learning or group learning?
      Do you prefer taking photos of other people, or them taking photos of you?
  
  Answering "Would"
    Would you like to learn another foreign language?
    Common response:
      Yes I do want to learn another foreign language so I can communicate with more people.
    Native: 
      Well, thinking about it, I would probably say yes I would quite like to learn another language, the main reason being that if I did, I would be able to communicate with more people.
    Would you like to be famous?
    Common response:
      No I don't want to be famous because I will have no privacy.  
    Native: 
      Well, to tell you the truth, I haven't really considered this before, but I would probably say no I wouldn't, and I guess the main reason for saying this would be that if I was famous, I wouldn't have any privacy.
    What would you like to change about your city?
    Common response:
      I will make the traffic better by building more elevated roads.
    Native: 
      Well, you know, I actually quite like my city the way it is! But if I had to change anything, I guess I would maybe try and improve the congestion by building more elevated roads in the city.
    Would you like to live in another country?
    Common response:
      No, I don't want to because my family is in China.
    Native: 
      Well, taking into account the fact that all my family are here in China, I'd have to say no, I wouldn't like to live in another country, because if I did, it would be harder for me to see my family, and I could also lose touch with my friends here.
    Other questions:
      Would you like to be in a film?
      Would you like to change your name?
      What would you change about your company?
      Would you like to be teacher?
      Would you be willing to work in a small company?
      If you could change anything about your home, what would you change?
      Would you recommend your major to other students?
      Would you like to live near the sea?
      Would you like to start your own business?
      Which country would you like to travel to in the future?

Topics:      
TV: 
  There's a wide variety of...
    There's a wide variety of programs on TV nowadays.
  dating shows
    Right now, dating shows are probably the most popular shows on TV.
  chat shows
    Probably the most popular chat show right now is "A meeting with Lu Yu".
  Talent shows
    In the last few years, talent shows, such as Happy Girls have become really popular.
  TV series
    I often watch US TV series to help improve my English.
  Quiz shows
    I would say quiz shows aren't all that popular in China.
  It's quite addicitve
    One of the reasons why people watch so much TV is that it's quite addictive.
  It's very entertaining
    I really enjoy watching Kuaile Da Benying because it's really entertaining!
Restaurants & Food
  There's quite a wide range of
    There's quite a wide range of restaurants in my hometown.
  Local cuisine
    Xin Bailu does really good local cuisine.
  I love hotpot
    I really love Hotpot, especially Sichuan-style.
  It's really good-value
    The food at Bailu is really good-value.
  It's dirt cheap
    Shaxian Snack is dirt cheap.
  It's quite pricy
    Louwailou is quite pricy.
  It's quite hygienic/ unhygienic
    Most low-end restaurants, such as Shaxian tend to be quite unhygienic.
  It's packed = full of people
    Bailu is packed every evening.
  It's high/mid/low-end
    Bailu is a mid-end restaurant, which does a range of Chinese dishes.
  I usually eat in/out
    I eat in most of the time.
  Order a take away
    If I'm feeling lazy I'll order a takeaway.
  It's really authenic 正宗
    Bailu does really authenic local cuisine.
Hobbies & Free time
  Unwind/Wind down
    I enjoy listening to music in the evening as it helps me unwind.
  Chill out
    I like chilling out at home when I'm not busy with stuff.
  Time-consuming
    Reading novels are quite time-consuming if you know what I mean.
  Really addictive
    I often play computer games, because they're just so addictive.
  I like to set aside time for
    Every day I like to set aside time for exercising.
  It helps me keep fit
    Playing basketball every day helps me keep fit.
  It helps me keep in shape
    Doing yoga helps me keep in shape.
  It's good exercise
    I usually take the stairs instead of the lift because it's good exercise.
  Jogging
    I like going jogging first thing in the morning.
  Go for a stroll
    I often like to go for a stroll by the West Lake.
  puts me in a good mood
    Excersing tends to put me in a good mood.
  is too much effort
    I don't go to the gym because it's just too much effort!      
  super(+ adj)
    I'm super busy during the daytime so I like to just chill out at home in the evenings.
Clothes, Fashion and Shopping
  Many people tend to...
    Young people tend to go shopping more often than old people.
  Buy things on impulse
    Girls tend to like buying things on impulse.
  quite trendy/ fashionable
    Most of my friends are quite trendy.
  designer brands
    I don't often buy designer brands because I think they're not worth the money.
  there's a good selection
    There's a really good selection of clothes at InTime.
  casual
    Your people tend to like wearing casual clothes.
  formal
    On special occations, like weddings, I normally wear formal clothes.
  The clothes are well-made
    I like going to Zara because the clothes thend to be well-made.
  I like to shop around
    I usually always shop around for clothes before I buy them.
  It has a lot of special offers
    Most of the time I go clothes shopping at InTime, because it tends to have quite a lot of special offers.
Buildings
  My home overlooks...
    Leifeng Pagoda overlooks the west lake.
  It's been renovated
    Lingyin Temple has been recently renovated.
  It's been well-preserved
    Leifeng Pagoda has been preserved very well.
  It's really well-designed
    Mix City Mall is very -designed.
  Some buildings have been knocked down
    Many old buildings in my hometown have been knocked down to make way for new ones.
  Putting up a lot of...
    They are putting up a lot of high-rise flats in my neighbourhood.
  Some building are run-down
    My neighbourhood is really clean, although some buildings are a little run-down.
  It's very nondescript
    It's a very nondescript building, you know, it looks pretty much like most other buildings.
  It was built some time in the ... Dynasty.
    Leifeng Pagoda was built in the Ming Dynasty.
  ... serves a ... purpose
    Old buildings serve a historic and cultural purpose.
  It looks ... like ...
    It looks likes pretty much like any other building.
  
Pollution
  We need to cut down the ...
    The government really needs to find a way of cutting down the number of wehicles on the road.
  We should reduce our carbon footprint
    Everyone should try to reduce their carbon footprint.
  Recycle waste
    Everyone shouold make greater efforts to recycle waste.
  tougher/stricter/tighter
    The government could implement tougher environmental regulations on factories.
  Ease/alleviate
    We need to fiind ways of alleviating traffic congestion.
  Acid rain
    Unfortunately, acid rain is pretty common in my hometown.
  Air quality
    The air quality is getting worse.
  
People's Character
  Friends
    Very thoughtful 善解人意的
    Really cheerful
      She's a really cheerful girl.
    Quite laid-back
      I would say I'm quite a laid-back student to be honest with you.
    Really sporty
      He's a really sporty guy, you know, he's always playing basketball or football.
    Really sociable
      She's a really sociable girl, you know, she's always doing stuff with her friends.
    Really assiduous
      My friend's a really assiduous student - she always works really hard in all of her subjects.
  Famous people
    Really ambitious
      I would say Jack Ma is successful partly because he's a really ambitious guy.
    He/ she does a lot of philanthropy n. 慈善事业；博爱，慈善
      One of the reasons I admine Jet Li is because he does a lot of philanthropy.
  Children
    He is very well-behaved
      My neighbour's child is really well-behaved.
    Naughty
      I was quite naughty as a child.
    He's quite chubby adj. 圆胖的，丰满的
      He looks very cute, especially because of his chubby cheecks!
  Elderly people
    He is in his early/mid/late eighties.
    very approachable adj. 可接近的；亲切的
      She's very approachable, because she's always happy to chat with anyone.

The news and Media
  Current affairs
    Most articles in the local newspapers are related to current affairs.
  Article
    Most articles are just about stuff which isn't that important.
  Film/book/restaurant review
    I like reading restaurant reviews.
  Daily/weekly/biweekly
    Most newspapers are daily, whereas in contrast magazines tend to be monthly.
  Up-to-date
    Newspapers are more up-to-date than magazines.
  An ingrained habit
    Reading the newspaper every day has become an ingrained habit of mine.
  Informative
    I enjoy reading the paper because it's very informative.
    
Transportation & Traffic
  congested
    The traffic's really congested in my hometown, especially during rush hour！
  Frequent
    The public transport's pretty good, as there are plenty of bus routes, and buses are generally pretty requent.
  Hail a taxi
    It's really note easy hailing a taxi in my hometown, especially during rush hour!
  Well-organised
    By and large, I'd say the public transport in my hometown is pretty well-organised.
  Get stuck in traffic
    The one thing I don't like about my hometown is that I always get stuck in traffic!
  Pedestrian street
    If I had to change anything about my hometown, I would maybe inrease the number of pedestrian streets because one is no way near enough!
  Elevated roads
    One thing the government could do to ease congestion would be to build more elevated roads.
  Cycling/Bus lanes
    Cycling is quite safe in my hometown as most roads have bike lanes.
  Speed cameras
    One way of reducing traffic accidents would be to increase the number of speed cameras.
  increasing at an alarming rate
    The number of vehicles in my hometown is increasing at an alarming rate.
  
Weather:
  Chilly
    It can get quite chilly in the Autumn.
  Pouring with rain
    It's really hard getting a taxi here in Hangzhou, especially when it's pouring with rain!
  Freezing
    During winter it's really freezing!
  Boiling
    It's really boiling in the Summer!
  unbearably hot
    The Summer is unbearably hot.
  It's quite clammy
    It's quite clammy at this time of year. clammy = hot and steamy
  Changeable
    Generally speaking, the waether's quite changeable in my hometown.
  It gets up/down to
    It gets up to about 40 degrees in the Summer.
    It gets down to around minus 10 degrees in the Winter.
  Rain or shine
    I like to go jogging every morning, rain or shine.
  The 4 seasons are distinct
    The first thing I'd say about the weather in my hometown is that the 4 seasons are quite distinct.
  Down south
    Down south, it's quite mild during the winter.
  Up north
    Up north, it's super cold during the winter.
  Chucking it down with rain
    If it's chucking it down with rain, I usually just chill out at home.

Future plans and Jobs:
  Fingers crossed
    Fingers crossed, I hope to study in the UK later this year.
  decent job
    I hope to get a decent job somewhere after I graduate.
  Multi-national (corporation)
    I really wanna work for a multi-national
  serious money
    I plan to make some serious money after I graduate.
  Dog-eat-dog
    Competition for good job is dog-eat-dog.
  Personal connections
    Personal connections are crucial in China.
  Job-hopping
    Job hopping is becoming more and more prevalent, especially in big cities. trendy, popular
  The civil service
    I wanna be a civil servant.
  It's a cushy job
    It's quite a cushy(laidback) job working in the civil service.
  It's a desirable job
    It's also a really desirable job in China.
  It's quite stressful
    I guess it might be quite stressful working in a multinational company.
  do overtime
    You don't have do much overtime working in the government.
      
Part 3 type. 
  1. Comparing 比较
    回答模板：
      开头：
        I would say that ... have changed quite a lot.
        I would say that things have changed quite a lot.
        Yeah, I guess I would probably say so, because...
      第一个变化：
        And to begin with, I guess one of the biggest changes would be that in the past, sth used to verb, whereas nowadays...
      第二个变化:
        (And) Another thing (I would say) is that ...
      结尾：
        So (yeah) I would say these are (pretty much) the main changes.
        So (yeah) I guess these would be the main changes.
        I'm sure there are more changes, but this is all I can think of right now.
        That's pretty much all that comes to mind.
    例子：
      How have TV programs changed in China?
      Thinking about it, I would say that TV programs have changed quite a lot. And to begin with, I guess one of the biggest changes would be that in the past, there used to be only a limited variety of programs, whereas nowadays, there is a much wider range of things on TV, such as talent and dating shows. Another thing is that TV programs nowadays are all in colour, whereas in the past they used to all be in black and white. So yeah I guess these would be the main changes.
    问题列表：
      1. How have TV programs changed in China?
      2. Do you think children today have more freedom than in previous years?
      3. How have people's leisure activities changed between now and in the past?
      4. Are people's homes nowadays the same as they were in the past?
      5. How has your neighbourhood changed in recent years?
      6. What changes have you seen in the types of magazine and newspapers in your country?
      7. How have films changed in your country?
      8. In your country, is radio today the same as it was several decades ago?
      9. How has music changed in your country?
      10. how has technology affected people's lives?
      11. How has transportation changed in your hometown?
      12. Do you think peopel today take more risks than people in the past?
      13. Do you think the way parents today treat their children is the same as in the past?
      14. Do you think people are more materialistic(唯物主义) today than they used to be?
      15. Do you think that people's views about happiness today are the same as people's views about happiness in the past?
      16. Are news reports today in your country different to news reports many years ago?
      17. Do you think growing up in a family today is the same as it was several decades ago?
      18. Is the way that people access information today the same as in the past?
  
  4. Why
    回答模板：
      开头：
        Thinking about it, I guess there are a handful of reasons (as to) why.
        Well, I suppose there are several reasons (for this).
      提原因：
        ... one of which would be...
        (And) Probably the main reason would be that, (you know), ...
        By that mean(也就是说)
        So what I basically mean is...
        I mean ...
      再提原因:
        Another reason (I suppose/expect) could/would be that ( you know)...
        Finally, I guess you could say that...
      结尾：
        So (yeah) basically I would say these are pretty much the main reasons.
        So these are just some of the reasons.
    例子：
      Why is it important to do sports?
      Well, I suppose there are several reasons why, one of which would be that playing sport keeps us fit and healthy. And another reason I guess would be that, you know, playing team sports, such as basketball or football, helps us develop good teamword skills. So in other words, these sports can help us work and get along better with other people. So yeah basically I would say these are pretty much the main reasons.
    问题列表：
      1. Why do you think many people prefer to watch television instead of doing other activities?
      2. Why do people eat unhealthy food when they know it's not good for them?
      3. Why do some people buy expensive things they don't need?
      4. Why is it important to learn a foreign language?
      5. Why do people like know about the private lives of famous people?
      6. why is it important to preserve historical buildings?
      7. Why is it important to protect the environmemt?
      8. Why do you think there are so many advertisements with celebrities endorsing products?
      9. Why do many people watch the news every day?
      10. Why do we have advertisements on TV?
      11. Why is it popular to raise pets?
      12. Why do some tourist spots charge money while are places are free?
      13. Why is traffic so congested in many cities?
      14. Why would people want to be famous?
      15. Why do people change jobs?
      16. Why do you think different places in the world have different television programs?
      17. Why do some people not like taking photographs?
      18. Why are designer brands so expensive?
      
Part 3 question and some answer
  Neighbours
    1. What are the differences between neighbours now and in the past?
      Thinking about it, I would say there are quite a few differences, one of which would be that in the past, ... whereas nowadays, ... used to do a lot of things together, like...
    2. How has the relationship between neighbours changed between now and the past?
      I'd say it's changed quite lot, and probably the main change has been that nowadays, people don't really see their neighbours all that often, whereas in the past, ...
  Noise
    1. Is there much noise around where you live?
      I wouldn't really say so, no, because ... relatively peaceful/ I live quite far out/ my area's newly-developed/ there's not that much traffic.
      Actually, there is quite a lot of noise, unfortunately, because ...(there's a lot of traffic, construction work, drilling, people doing up their new homes/ dogs barking).
    2. What are the main causes of noise in cities?
      I would say there are number of causes, such as ...(traffic congestion/ urban development/ construction work)
    3. How can noise in cities be reduced?
      I guess there are a number of things which could be done to reduce noise in cities, such as ... So that's one thig, and maybe another possibility might be to ...(impose a fine on companies or individuals who make excessive noise/ ban vehicles from hooting喇叭).
  Shopping
    1. What are the differences between the way man and woman shop?
      I would say there are quite a few differences, and probably one of the biggest would be that men ..., whereas in contrast, women ...(tend to/ be very quick/ take their time / buy things on impulse/ shop around)
    2. How has the way people shop changed between now and the past?
      I guess it's changed in a number of ways, for example nowadays, people tend to ... whereas in the past, people used to ... ( shop in supermarkets/ wet markets菜市场/ in their neighbourhood/ online)
    3. Why do some people buy expensive things they don't really need?
      I'm not really that sure to be honest, but I guess one reason could be that ... (will go up in value)
    4. Why do some people like buying so many clothes and shoes?
      I guess there are a handful of reasons, of which one would be that ... ( keep up with the latest trends/ we have so many choices)
    5. What things do young people generally like buying?
      I would say that young people nowadays like buying a huge range of things, such as ..., and I guess one of the reasons for this is that ... (the number of shops has increased/ there's a greater selection of things/ there's an increasing amount of advertising, which probably has sosme affect on people's puchasing habits)
    6. What things do older people generally like buying?
      Generally speaking, I would say the older generation tend to like buying ...
    7. Do Chinese people enjoy spending money?
      It's kind of hard to generalize, but I guess by and large I would probably say so/ I wouldn't really say so, because ... (people have worked hard for their money, so it feels satisfying to spend it on nice stuff)
  Music
    1. Is there any traditional music in your hometown?
      folk music/ opera
    2. What kinds of music do people in your hometown like listening to?
      I guess people in my homedown like listening to quite a wide of music, such as ... but probably the most popular type would be ... basically because ...
    3. What kinds of songs do children like listening to?
      To be honest with you, I'm not really that sure, but based on what I remember from my own childhood, I would say most children tend to like listening to short simple songs which (have a catchy tune and memorable lyrics / the theme tunes to their favourite cartoons)
    4. On what occasions do people like singing in your country?
      Thinking about it, I'd say there are quite a few occasions where people like to sing, and one example would be when we finished a project, we past a important test, we got the salary.
    5. Do you often sing?
      No, I'd say I don't really sing all that often, probably onlly something like ... the main reason being that (I'm note great at singing, as I find it quite hard to sing in tune.)
      To be honest, I hardly ever go singing, for the simple fact that (I'm pretty useless at singing / I can't sing to save my life)
    6.  Are you friends all good ata singing?
      Well, I'd say some of them aren't that bad at all, but most of them are pretty average, and I'm glad that can't hear me say that!)
      Well, some of them are actually pretty good, yeah, and a few of them can even do vibrato, which is really impressive. I've been asked them to teach me, but ...
    7. Do you mind if any of your friends aren't good at singing?
      No, I'm really not fussed/ I really don't care in the slightest, because ...
    8. Do you think people's taste in music changes as they get older?
      It's kind of hard to generalized, but I guess my general feeling would be that they do, yeah, because ... ( young people tend to ... whereas older people on the whole prefer ...)
  Mobile Phones
    1. How popular are mobile phones in your country?
      I would say they're extremely popular, because right now, virtually everyone ... (and some people even have several). But saying that, I guess in some of the poorer regions, mobile phones are not that commonly-used)
    2. Does everyone have a mobile phone in your country?
      Well, I think it's fair to say that nowadays, the vast majority of people...
    3. Why are people making more and more calls on mobile phones?
      Well, I guess there are a number of reasons, of which one would be that ... ( people are getting more and more .../ it's become much cheaper to make calls now than it used to be, for example, ... / mobile phone operators offer special plans and deals whereby you can get free minutes to chat every month)
    4. What are the differences in the ways that young and old people use mobile phones?
      Well thinking about it, I'd say there are quite a few differences, one of which would be that... ( young people tend to... text message/ games/ microblogs), whereas in contrast, the older generation on the whole mainly just ... (use their moblies for chatting)
      go on their microblogs.
 
练习发音的句子：
  Newton thinks that he should try to cherish to little apple that interestingly drops down from the tree in January.

因果关系，并列关系

描述：
  1. who, what
  2. when
  3. where
  4. how
  5. why
  tell your own story
  
mainly because
especialy because
partly because
essentially because

虚拟语气：
  表示对现实中不可能发生的事情的假设。
  对现在与未来的假设，if条件句中用过去式， be动词都用were。
  主句使用would, could, might, should+现在式
    If it didn't rain, we would go out to play.
  对过去的虚拟，if条件句中使用过去完成式。
  语句用would+现在完成时
  如果现在和未来有可能发生，用一般现在时。但在现实使用中，虚拟语气的占绝大多数。
  
Revision:
  1. Do you like cooking?
  To be honest, I don't (really) like cooking (that) much.
  
  2. Do you think people are getting lazier?
  I wouldn't (really) say so, no.
  
  3. How often do you go out with your friends?
  I (guess) probably something like once or twice a week.
  
  4. Would you like to work in TV?
  Thinking (about) it, I guess I would (quite) like to, yeah!
  
  5. Tell me about your family please.
  Well basically, there (just) 2 (of) us, my mum and myself, so you (could) say we're (pretty) much like most Chinese famillies.

  6. What kinds of TV programs do you like watching?
  Well, by and (large), I reckon I like watching quite a wide varity of programs, such as...
  
  7. Why are cities getting more crowded?
  Well, (off) the top of my head, I suppose there are a (number/handful) reasons as to (why) this is the case.
  
  8. How could films in your country be improved?
  Well, that's a (tough) question, but I guess there are a number of (things) that could be done.
  One thing (would) be to make the (storyline/plot) more unpredictable.
    you can use "stuff" replace "things", but it would be " there is a number of stuff". stuff is noncountable noun.
    would, could, might 程度依次减弱
  
  9. What are the advantages and disadvantages of not going to university?
  Well, I suppose it's (fair) to say that there are a handful of pros and (cons).
  
  10. How have people's hobbies changed in your country?
  Well, first of all, in the past, most people (used) like to paly mahjong a lot, (whereas) nowadays, it's (not) so popular.
  
  
  
maternal 母系
paternal 父系
  
I'm currently working at ...
I'm from here in Hangzhou.
My hometown is somewhere in the southeast in the Zhejiang.

... basically becaues

going back to study

which university are you at?
which company do you go to?
which company do you work at?

I was stuck in traffic. be stuck in 困住

To be honstly, I don't really have that many hobbies.
that在否定句中表示程度

There are two of us in my family.
regarding to my mother...
ask for me...
my mother is really good cook.

It's really fun and enjoyable.

travel around the world.
the states = US

pop concerts

sporty guy.

laid-back = lenient = 放松的，易相处的
he is easy to get on with.

we've got a bit in common.

51ielts.com
3gbbs.com
ted.com

Along with the increase in people's standards of living.

here you are
  there you go
  给你

mainly because
  
(Ok,) Right then, I'm going to describe a recent happy event. Well actually, I sould firstly say that I'm lucky to have been to a number of enjoyable events recently, but if I had to choose one, I would probably say my best friend's birthday party.
(And) As for when and where it happened, well, if I remember correctly, it must have been about two or three weeks ago, and we went to a hotpot restaurant somewhere in the city centre.
Moving on to the next point, then, which is regarding what I saw or did, well, basically, we had huge meal together first, and then after that, we all went to sing KTV. The funny thing was, though, that most of his friends didn't actually sing anything, as they were more interested in play drinking games with each other, and I seem to remember that a huge amount of alcohol was consumed that night!
Finally, if time permits, with regard to why the event was so enjoyable, well, I guess the main reason would be that it was great to spend a night out with my best friend, because I don't see him all that often, so we were able to catch up on a lot of things. And another reason would be that his friends were all really funny and were cracking jokes the whole evening, so everyone basically had a really great time. Ok, I think that's pretty much everything there is to say, so thanks for listening.

  In the process, I can do a bit of shop. 顺便做什么。
  majority of = most of
  pretty much everyday
  quite few things
  take fresh air
  people walking their dogs.
  willow 柳树 orchid 兰花
  fly kites 放风筝
  There's not really that much to say.
  I feel lucky to live near the West Lake.
  I guess it's probably easyest to get there by air.
  I've heared lots about 
  It took me a while to decide on ...
  Very inspiring
  I'm just too busy
  For dinner, I usually just grab a quick bite to eat.
  occasionally = every now and then = once in a while
  
  chinatown john
  
  good = brilliant = wonderful
  bad = terrible = awful
  happy = thrilled = excited, delighted
  sad = depress, dispointed
  nice = pleasant
  quiet = silent
  
  It's awesome/great/fantastic book.
  
  mushroom, brocoli
  soya milk
  
  That's pretty much everything I would say.
  
  technology
  
  I reckon = I would say
  
  I don't really like shopping that much.
  
  How can I put it? = How can I say it.
  
  It's a all-round exercise because it keeps me fit/healthy.
  
  It can help us strengther our relationship.
  
  Children should keep their parents company.
  
  It's relatively easy to find a low-paid job.
  
  do some interships 实习工作
  
  I live apart with my family.
  
  but saying that = but
  
  How do you do? 首次见面时用，= Nice to meet you.
  
  it's scenary was out of this would.
  
  I'm a little bit camera shy. 不爱拍照片。
  I'm not that photogenic. 上照
  
  Photograph help capture good memories.
  
  I'm terrified of jellyfish.
  Swimming over the waves.
  
  read a load of books.
  
  the national anthem 国歌
  
  spaghetti意大利面  pasta短的
  
  It must have been about 6 years ago.
  
  return customers. 回报客户
  
  I'm feeling awake.
  I'm feeling sleepy.
  
  It's been a busy week.
  I've been so busy.
  I was so busy in this week.
  
  I got up very early.
  
  He will go in few days time. 在几天内就会走了
  
  (and/so/anyway) (as for/regarding/with regard to) (what/where/when/why/how)
  
  The Great Canal 京杭大运河
  
  mosquito repellent 蚊香
  
  I didn't get much sleep.
  I didn't sleep very well.
  half eleven
  
  kind of because
  
  It's really kind of difficult.
  
  at the sametime
  
  It will be extremely difficult adapting to the real world, which right now, is highly competitive.
  not many job related to this major.
  
  If that counts.
  
  Fish is specially good.
  
  I like to have some time to myself.
  
  If something is troubling me. 我有麻烦了。
  
  crow 乌鸦
  Mandarin 鸳鸯 stands for love and commitment
  doves represents peace
  swallows symbolizes spring
  
  What impresses me most about his sense of responsibility.
  He inspire others.
  communicating
  
  My father take me to somewhere. 带我去哪里
  It is warm and peaceful.
  It remind my remembers.
  
  make people relaxed
  Travelling puts me in a good mood.
  
  Competition for jobs is really firce, especially for high-paid jobs.
  
  I'm worn out.
  I'm exhausted. 我很累。
  
  social engagements 社交
  paparazzi 狗仔队
  
  stay famous
  maintain good relationship
  
  Everyone should has a certain degree respect.
  
  Would的问题实际上必须要用虚拟语态， would, could, might
  
  I will lead by my actions.
  
  We should use people according to their talents/strenths/abilities.
  
  I'm living here in Hangzhou.
  
  I lived here for quite while.
  
  What clothes do you wear when you are working?
  casual, smart, formal, uniform, tracksuit
  
  What kind of places do you like to visit?
  coastal, touristy, off the beaten track, cultural, recommended
  
  Uniform can help us identify people, if I go to shopping.
  limit our choice.
  
  on a sunny day.
  
  clothes, th不发音
   
speaking unit 1  
If you can present a number of well-connected ideas and avoid using a lot of hesitation and repetition.

I live in a small apartment at the moment.

even though

I don't like live theatre or opera either.

What kind of work do you do?
It was impossible to know everyone at my company because it was very large, with hundred thousand of employee.

speaking unit 2
What is the best way to stay healthy? I'm not very keen on crowds and also, it's much cheaper than going to the movies.
But now, I'm used to it.

By public transport normally.

I try to go swimming every two days and on top of that I eat lots of fruit and vegetables. 
on top of that = additionally

trams 有轨电车
metro = subway
metropolis

particularly = specially

It's a very special occasion.

What is your favourite time of the year?
I suppose I like summer best of all.
      
Try to vary your vocabulary by using words with a similar meaning to key words in the question.

speaking unit 3

jot down

I'd like to talk about ...
I've chosen to talk about ...
I'm going to talk about ...


speaking unit 4

archaeological, excavation

continent

I think Peru was high on my list of priorities.

camping and trekking, trek, v n

It was incredibly chanlenging.

It was an experience unlike any I've ever had before.

altitude, 

intricate, very comlicated or detailed.

There were many interesting and intricate stone archaeological sites to see along the way.

It really is quite harsh living.

I think what I really enjoyed was the sense of absolute relief at the end, and the satisfaction of having accomplished something amazing.
I'd willingly do it all over again.

This question basically depend on what you think 'success' means.

My answer is in the context of working life, rather than personal life.
He's accomplishing something, that is obviously personally and professionally satisfying, but he also feels like he's contributing to society in a positive way, which is a quality that a lot of jobs these days seem to lack, I gauge.

It suit him.
If success comes from hard work, which it often does.
Before we go to our different respective workplaces, we often eat breakfast together.

He enjoys what he does, as well as making a decent living out of it.

tend = look after = take care of
She tend her husband lovingly and carefully.
He lived happily with the consideration of his Wife.

speaking unit 5
For one thing, we do many years. And another reason ... we probably be more motivated.

low-income people = people who don't earn a lot of money.

I mean, where do you draw the line.

measure someone achievement
We often measure achievemnt by things like job or in ohter areas like sports.

Big city offer lots of opportunities, such as work, shopping, culture activities, but you have to balance this against higher cost of living and the fact that big city can be quite lonely places.
metropolis

It brings benefits because it bring foreign money, I mean, foreign exchange, but it may disadvantage local people, especially if they don't work in the tourism industry.
especially = notably

Because they need a break and shouldn't have to fund their own time off.

Let's move on to the broader subject of climates.

In my view, climate probably has a lot to do with the way we design our houses.

When you are sure or agree with the suggestion:
  I think / I don't (really) think ...
  I believe / I don't (really) believe ...
  Personally, I think ...
  In my opinion / In my view
  It seems to me that
When you world like to put an alternative viewpoint
  I'm not sure (that) ...
  I'm afraid I think ...
  Well, I don't know for sure but ...
  Possibly, but
  I tend to think / believe.

skating, skiing

they should be responsible enough to organise their time.
Young people get bored at school.
They might be better off learning a trade or something of that sort.

Giving an explanation
  Firstly, one reason is
  That's why I think
  So
  Consequently,
  That's why
  As a result of
  Because of
  It's possibly due to
  It may be because of
  It may come from the fact that
Making suggestion
  I think we should
  It would be a good idea to
  What about ...?
  One idea would be to
  One thing we could do would be to
Comparing two things
  I think ... is preferable to
  better than
  more comfortable than
  less useful than
  I prefer
  My favourite ... is
  If you compare with
Making prediction about the future
  It's quite likely that 
  It's possible that
  It's not very likely that
  It's unlikely that
  I doubt whether ... will happen.
  In the long run
  In the future, I think
  In years to come
  By the year
  By the time we are
Agreeing or disagreeing with something
  Yes, absolutely (because)
  Certainly, yes, (because)
  Yes, I think we should actually, (because)
  Yes, I personally like ...
  Not really
  To be honest, no,
  I'm not sure that I agree with
  I don't really think
  I'm afraid I can't agree with that idea

jobs and professions:
  accountant
  advertising executive
  airline pilot
  computer programmer
  economist
  engineer
  fire fighter
  surgeon
  journalist
  lawyer
  nurse
  politician
  interpreter

I suppose people who take up nursing need to be dedicated. They also need to be patient and understanding.

on-going training

workbook unit 1
in fact = to be honest with you = honestly = actually
personally = as far as I concerned = I suppose (introduce a concesion)

At least that's what I'd do.
film music = sound track

I find modern music quite boring.
Well, using a mobile phone seems to come naturally to your people.
sellsperson
I think it's better to get your friends to help you.
instruction manual
It's just terrible noise as far as I concerned.

illustrate my view
round up her explanation

workbook unit 2

I'm not very interested in any kind of sport, I'm afraid.

..., except that waiting around at airports can be pretty boring.

which is a long way from the capital of my country.

We usually share a cake or give a card.

when friends come round for dinner.

a weekend break.

large department store
high-rise building

which is the capital of the province of Zhejiang

with some really lovely architecture. 

Is it famouse for anything particular?

eco-tourism

libertarian, libertarianism
utilitarian, utilitarianism
paternalism, paternalist
monarchy

I think it is popular predominantly becuase it is safe.
and people are friendly.

Even if you're not really into gardens, you just have to go there.

with lots of examples of 19th century architecture.

grand building and wide street and avenues

Well, perhaps the best thing, for me at least, is Hangzhou's sense of style.
a kind of European feel

There's always been a lot of competition between Hangzhou and Shuzhou because ...

They are the major form of public transport.

workbook unit 3

It is probably one of the best zoo I've ever been to...
It's really worth a visit.

The zoo prides itself on its humanitarian approach.
 
take off 起飞
We had to take off again, becuase there was a diraffe on the landing strip.
I felt very privileged to be there with all the animals around.
That's when you most likely to see the animals.
gazelle
That was really amazing - quite frightening though, because you'd see all these little eyes all round you ... peering at you.
meter
air pressure, breather
run out my air in my tank.

The dinosaurs were alive way back in time.
Life is precious.
How long is the life of an AAA battery?
Health should come before anything else.
Beauty cannot be bought or sold.
The love of a parent for a child is unlike any other emotion.

acrobat
vet
exotic
circus

diligent = industrious = hard-working

workbook unit 4

I really admire my father.
I have great admiration for my father.

tremendous benefit

It is highly unlikely that ...
strong influence
usual things
We see each other on a regular basis.
their true character
I was bitterly disappointed
common mistake
get a heavy fine.
genuine affection

workbook unit 5
Some people think it's really cruel and they may have a point.
wildlife park

workbook unit 6
It is clear that ... = Clearly, ...
To be absolutely frank, ... = Frankly, ...
Personally = as far as my concerned ...
It's a great shame that ... = regrettably
Obviously
Theoretically, = in theory
So hopefully, ...
I seriously believe ... = In my sincere view,

that's easier said than done
  I'd like to spend more time with my family but that's easier said than done.
on the whole, taking everything into account; in general
  I'm quite happy with my accommodation. It's not very close to town but on the whole I think it's value for money.
think nothing of, consider (an activity others regard as odd, wrong, or difficult) as straightforward or normal.
  I always dirve everywhere, but my uncle would think nothing of walking ten miles to see a good friend.
get along well,
  The students in my class are from many different backgrounds but we get along well.
the pros and cons
  It's good to make changes but I think you have to weigh up the pros and cons first.
go along with the idea
  I can't really go along with the idea that people should have to retire at 65 just because they've reached this age.
cold feet, loss of nerve or confidence.
  I used to order things online, but now I've got cold feet because ...
I can see your point
  I can see your point, but I believe ...

I think it will be great shame, if government stopped providing the funds to keep them open.
On balance, I think ..., but apparently ...
I'm not really in favor of compulsory seat-belts.

时态的正确，以及多样化。
关系的使用，因果，并列，让步，假设
常用短语的使用，
正确的发音，语句的重音
副词的使用，
替换词的使用
正确句型的使用

part 2
note的正确结构
时间的分配，1：1

part 3
问题的分类，比较，解释原因，赞同或反对，建议，对未来的看法。
