雅思热身p141
1、这些是小组的讨论，它由一位讲师引导，对某个领域进行更为深入的分析。
Mine: These are team discussion which lead by a tutor for insight research in a field.
Answer: These small group discussion led by a lecture at which closer analysis of a particular area is undertaken. 

2、这意味着学生在社区里所做的工作与他们在学校里所学的知识有联系。
Mine: It have some connections between the community service and the knowledge which the students learning in the school.
Answer: This means that the work students do in their communities is connected with what they are learning in school, and therefore furthers the classroom experience.

3、通过这种方式，社区服务不仅给社区也给学生带来了好处。
Answer: In this way, the service benefits not only the community but the the students as well.   

4. 社区服务给学生亲身的经历，使学习的过程变得更为真实。
Mine: The community services bring experiences which lets students feel more reality.
Answer: The community service gives students hands on experience, which makes the learning process more authentic.

5. 从事志愿工作使高中生有机会回馈社区，并且使学校与它们所在的社区更紧密地联系在一起。
Mine: The volunteer work give the student chance to feedback to the community, also enhance the connections between the school and the community where the school is.
Answer: Doing volunteer work helps give high school students a chance to give back, and helps connect schools more to the communities in which they are located.

6. 太多的大学生和刚毕业的学生错误地认为，如果他们学习好，就能一毕业就找到梦想中的工作。
Mine: It is wrong common wisdom in the most majority of graduates and undergraduates that if they gain great academic performance they can find a dream job.
Answer: Many college students and recent graduates assume incorrectly that if they do well in their academic studies, they will be able to land the job of their dreams upon graduation.

7. 现实是绝大多数的雇主对应聘者的工作经验比对他们的学历证书更为关心。
Mine: It is the fact the most mount of employer care about the condidants' experiences rather than certifications.
Answer: The reality is that the vast majority of employers are far more concerned with the work experience demonstrated by the candidate than the candidate's academic credentials.