
  help people to live better and longer.
   It was quite remarkable at that time
   Did you expect the kind of success that Ruby has had?
  
  I think it is by no means 'pointless'.
  
  August is the peak of Tourism.
  Tourism reaches its peak in August. 第二句更好，它强调了主体。
  
  I lost my wallet in the bus yesterday.
  It is yesterday when I ... 换一下句型，就更好。想要强调什么。 who, that which
  
  The arguement correctly states the importance of $A but underestimates $B play positive roles in ....  首段使用。
  
  It is an indisputable fact ... 这是不争的事实
  
  The main functions of governments in this compain are in the field of policy making and legislation.
  in the field of 加不加意思不变，但意思更好
  
  To do sth is to do sth 做解释
  
  While emphasizing the crucial functions of A, we should not be distracted from the vital roles B.
  
  I have deficiency vocabulary 我词汇贫乏。
  
  There is every thing from A to B 举例 = range from A to B
  
  Yet, there remains some disagreement as to whether the overall effect of this technology.
  
  By way of conclusion, I once again restate my view that (论据) reaffirm my position that (conclusion) 结尾陈述用
  
  She embodies everything I admire in a teacher.
  What does the term 'organic' denote?
  
  It might be safely affirmed with any occupations more or less affect the health.
  
  The conventional wisdom is that high wage rises increase inflations.
  The conventional wisdom is that ...
  
  The loss of diversity may deprive us of different ways of looking at the world.

  AS THE old joke has it, fusion is the power of the future—and always will be. 
  问：我是否可以加入笑话？
  
  问：如何用这个造句
  conduct one's behavior with sth. 谁的行为是为了什么？ 
  
  Over time, more features will be added to these libraries.

  The balance between our work and family lives is a complex equation, going beyond just the amout of time we dedicate to each.
  
  You can either travel or read,and either your body or soul must be on the way. 
  要么旅行，要么读书，身体和灵魂，必须有一个在路上。
  
  Traditionally, taxation has been the means to create some semblance of fairness among people, but even a rate of taxation of 60% is possibly too low when we are talking about a personal income of tens of millions of U.S. dollars per year. 
  
  The relative importance of metural talent and training is a frequent topic of discussion when people try to explain different levels of ability in, for example, sport, art, or music.
  
  But, as with all questions of nature versus nurture, they are not mutaullly exclusive.
  as with 正如
  
  without the natural talent, continuous training would be neither attractive nor productive.
  
  如果名字不能替换，还可以替换它的形容词。
    innate talant
    natural talent
    extra talent
    

  When the usual run of rules proves cowardly, indecisive or discredited, turning to the widowm and expertise of a technocrat, as both Italy and Greece have done in recent days, is particularly tempting.

Never regret. If it's good, it's wonderful. If it's bad, it's experince.

It was realised that investing in new sources was a far more costly option than improving efficiency of use.
    
A similar emphasis on conservation will be the best and cheapest option for bridging the gap between water supply and demand.

... is enjoying an upsurge of popularity among...


what does the history of African slaves have to do with me.

Charles Darwin: only the fittest can survive.

The climatic events of the Little Ice Age did more than help shape the modern world...

The nickname of the "Uncrowned King" given to the modern journalist is by no means an exaggeration.

play an essential role in shaping people's thoughts on a wide range of issues and are always regarded as an indispensable source of information.

This complex phenomenon can be boiled down to serveral key factors, and both its positive and negative aspects need to be analyzed thoroughly.

It is little wonder that numerous readers are lured into heavier reliance on those well-established and internationally renowned newspapers.

renowned = famouse

To begin with, human curiosity is an underlying factor in growing popularity of newspapers.

inveterately, humans are inveterately curious about ...

prosper 

Most importantly, their coverage and insightful comments can encourage young readers to form their own opinions on current affairs.

On the other hand, people should be fully aware of the downside of the journalistic dominance.

tremendous

Quantifying peace is a bit like trying to ...

ranging from murder rates to weapons imports to conflicts being fought.

We're trying to know the future, but we have no prophets and no oracle.

be correlated with
but there are no certainties.

charitable organization 慈善组织

our indicators steers us away.

Shortly after he started on the job, things turned surreal.

It is well worth your time to understand the law and begin making habits out of following them.

proponent = supportor = enthusiast

Frankly, if I were an enterprise architect today, and I were genuinely concerned about development costs, agility, and extensibility.

Although the words "developer" and "programmer" are often used interchangeably, ...

is quite controversial in the software field.

Educational experience is an indicator that can be used in predicting sucess, but it is not always accurate.

Granted = but.

you will note later regret.

Prompted by the fast development of the media, people can get lots of knowledge and information from news, but whether we can fully trust the journalist has become a thorny issue.

attach greater weight to this problem.

In a world economy as troubled as today's, news that ... may not seem important.

in connection with...
snuff out = destroy, put an end to; kill
large-scale

Those who oppose gay marriage often argue that having gay parents is hard on children. This has been a hard argument to make, because...

intact

competitive sports
vulnerable groups

The view applies to some people, but not others.

If you choose to write a counter-argument, it is a good idea to use concesional language.

The question of whether are should oblige parents to immunise their children against common diseases is a social rather than a medical one. Since we are free to choose what we eat or drink or how much exercise we take, why should the medical treatment we decide to undergo be any different?

It failed to take into consideration the individual's concerns and rights.

In the event that mass immunisation programs were to cease, the society as a wholewould be more at risk than ever before.

Some people may also be against this on religious grounds.

For these reasons I feel strongly that ... and that ...

However, while some people do not change their minds about this over the course of their lives, many others do. Yet this does not mean that.

tetanus, whooping cough

people's ambitions = job

It is perhaps this dedication that enables them to achieve their goals.

Job satisfication is related to things like enjoying what you do or oding useful, rewarding work.
So there are many things to consider when we choose a career and the right outcome does not depend on being faithful to one choice that was made as a youngster.

For conclusion:
  To sum up
  Overall / all in all
  In the final analysis
  Clearly
  In conclusion / To conclude
  Ultimately
  In the end
  Taking everything into consideration.
  For these reasons I feel strongly that ...

Clearly, the age at which we decide on a career can vary. As we get older, we develop a more mature understanding of ourselves and what we want from. In terms of future job satisfaction, the possibility of making career decisions later in life can only be a good thing.

obligatory = compulsory

For presenting ideas:
  I would argue / say that
  In my view ...
  It seems (to me) that
  I tend to think that / I feel that ...
  As far as I concerned ...
  Some / Most people argue / think / say that ...
  It is understood that ...
  It is generally accepted that ...
  There is a tendency to believe that ...
  One of the main arguements in favour of / against ...

For making concessions:
  While / although ...
  Despite the fact that ...
  Even though ...
  It could be argued that ...
  Admittedly / Certainly ... but / However
  It may be true that...

more cars and lorries will use the roads.

It seems to me that television has few benerfits for children. While I agree that there are some good educational programmes, far too much advertising is targeted at children. This encourages them to want expensive goods that their parents may not be able to afford to use.

For refuting an argument
  I am unconvinced that ...
  I don't believe that ...
  Some people find it hard to accept that ...
  It is doubtful whether ...
  There is little evidence to support the view that ...
  It is unjustifiable to say that ...
  I disagree with the view / argument that ...
  I am uncertain whether ...

For defining and explaining
  By this I (don't) mean ...
  In fact, ...
  That is not to say that ...
  In other words, ...
  That is to say, ...
  To be more precise, ...
  Here I'm (not) refering to ...

create a lot of pressure and cause stress.
Job commitment is not always the key to success.

Disruptive student = students who are noisy and disobedient = naughty students

However, I am not sure that teaching them sperately is the answer.
Students who ignore school codes of conduct are, to a certain extent, being selfish

Unit 10
So, naturally they werenot meant to handle the large volumes of traffic so common today.
... or, alternatively, to chage them a steep fee.
Indeed, ...
In myexperience, this is a sensible way to tackle the problem of traffic congestion.

For using liking words and expresions:
  For example/ For instance
  Of course ...
  Firstly / For one thing
  A good example of this is ...
  In fact / indeed ...
  If this is / were the case ...
  Naturally / Understandably
  In my experience ...

Space travel will be a realistic option in the future. If this were the case, it would be completely transform our traditional view of a holiday.
This is usually short-lived.

A good example for this my home town, where whole streets of lovely houses were knocked down in order to build high-rise flats.

Generally speaking, air travel have come down in price over the past five years. This reduction has been the result of airlines offering a 'no-frills' service, where passengers pay for refreshments.

However, others suggested that commitment to their subject was more important.

Unfortunately, it looks unlikely that his trend will be reversed.

There is always contraversy over whether it is important to spend large sums of money on medical research or whether more of this money should be directed towards treating patients.

Obviously some medical research is essential. Without it, we would have no vacciantions against diseases such as polio, no drugs such as antibiotics and no treatments like x-rays and radiotherapy.

generate huge amounts of money.
