2012-08-02 Oil theft in Nigeria

have a chat about ...
teach you some words on the way
sensitive question
I'm not sure if I want to answer ...
How dare you!
five billion dollars-worth of oil ...
crude oil
crude = raw, adj, in a nutural or raw state, not yet processed or refined.
it's causing massive economic problems ...
large quantities of oil 
Nigeria has for years suffered from the illegal syphoning off of large quantities of its oil production.
syphon, v, draw off or convey (liquid) by means of a siphon.
The practice, known locally as bunkering, involves tapping into pipelines.The oil is then taken by barge to tankers waiting offshore.
bunker, v, fuel
barge, v, move forcefully or roughly.
 
A refinery is a factory where crude oil is made suitable for use as fuel.
put a stop to ...
the navy and other arms of government
... seize them, meaning take them by force.
I wonder if it'll work.
amnesty, n, an official pardon for people who have been convicted of political offenses.
The problem has been going on for a while now.
Oil theft is costing the country dearly.
dearly, adv, with much loss or suffering; at great cost: Freedom to worship our religion has been bought dearly.
It is determined to end it.
commentator, n, a person who comments on events or on a text.
an immense amount of money.
One of the problems is that there seems to be widespread corruption - the dishonest behaviour of people in power for their own personal or financial gain.
Those resposible can be brought to justice.

2012-07-19 dawkins

You know how streets or building are often named after a famouse person.
radio presenter = radio主持人
a big cultural impact on the world
before we get onto that ...
I am a massive Beatles fan
Atheists think that God or gods don't exist.
first clip
things name in their honour

crustaceans are animals which live in water and have a shell, such as crabs and lobserts.
I'm delighted. It's delightful fish.
delightful = lovely, pretty, pleasant.
My whole life is devoted to extolling the beauty and wonder of the living world.
extol, v, praise enthuisastically.
Dr. John in his paper very kindly paid tribute to that.
pay tribute to = praise = extol
It's a kind of immortality.
immortality, living or lasting forever.
immortalize, v
immortalized.
I mean they can’t really be described as beautiful. 
They are notable for the long filaments trailing from their fins.
filaments are thin wires or threads.
diverse, adj, diversity, n
That's all we have time for.

2012-08-09 Ancient Italian shipwreck

shipwreck, it's a ship which has sunk and now lies on the bottom of the sea.
I'll hazard a guess and say ...
vessel, ship
BBC correspondent
fisherman
which may date back to the last century before Christ.
cargo, n, goods carried on a ship, aircraft, or motor vehicle.
shard, n, a piece of broken ceramic, metal, glass, or rock.
cargo ship – that’s a ship which carries goods for trade, rather than people.
intact, in one piece.
That word was “engulfed.” As the ship was engulfed, or covered in mud, it’s thought that the cargo on board could still be there.
We heard in the report that the vessel was loaded with two hundred amphoras, which were large clay jars used to contain wine, oil or grain.
that study of the vessel could help add to understanding of commercial activity at that time
t’s likely to be very fragile after all these years – or easily breakable.
That phrase was “technically feasible.”
retrieve, get it back.
it reveals further historical treasures! 
recap, v, state again as a summary.
We’ve just got time to recap some of the vocabulary we’ve heard in today’s programme.

20120726 chugging
fundraising
Are you up for the challenge?
up for, available for, being considered for, due for
But I can't believe £20 million so I'll go for £2 million.
go for, decide on.
It's a combination of the words 'charity' and 'mugging'.
these fundraisers are very persuasive – that means they're good at talking you into signing up to make a regular, rather than a one-off, donation.
one-off, adj, done, made or happening only and not repeated.
Some people find the chuggers really irritating or annoying, though.
They think that they go too far, harassing people into parting with their money.
part with, give up/away.
I don't like being put on the spot
Everyone's got to earn a living. 
You don't need four or five on one stretch of the road.
The phrase 'put on the spot' means to 'put under pressure'.
Many charities are worried about the negative effects this might have on their public image.

There was some unease amongst the public
This has all led to concerns that potential donors are being chased away by chuggers.
chase, v, pursue in order to catch or catch up with.
Last year, over 860,000 people signed up through face-to-face and door-to-door fundraising to support a charitable cause.

2012-08-16 snail racing
we take a look at an interesting story.
be familiar with
Well I know that some people race greyhounds – that's a particular breed of dog
Snails? As in the slimy creatures with a shell that live in the garden?
slime, n, a moist, soft, and slippery substance.
we delve into this weird sport.
delve, v, reach inside a receptacle and research for something.
it is customary in 6 Minute English for me to ask you a quiz question!
I wouldn't like to come across any of those in my back garden!
come across, meet or find by chance.
Well, as ever, we will find out if you are right at the end of the programme.
snail racing enthusiasts, or fans, hope that their sport might feature as an Olympic event one day!
Under a searing heat of around 30 degrees centigrade, the snails, like humans, are a little sluggish.
Yes, it was 'sluggish.' It's a really good way to describe feeling tired and slow.
the person who introduces the competition, was dressed 'in drag.' That's a way to describe a man who is wearing women's clothes.
“Ready, steady, go,”
We heard in the report that the heat was described as 'searing' – that means it's very, very hot.
A sprint is a short, very fast race.
It may not be fast, but there is a very important incentive - or reason to motivate - the snails.
Listen out for the reason why a snail might want to be crowned the winner of the race...
We eat all of them, except for the winner, which I pardon, a bit like in bull fighting.
Some people may think that it is cruel, or unkind, to eat the competitors. 
we sit down for a snail feast.

full of snails cooked in ham, tomatoes and garlic. They'll be eaten and washed down with local red wine.
wash down 吞下
cauldrons. That's a huge cooking pot.
Sebastian, who was given a trophy at the end of the competition.
I wonder if he'll be back to defend his title next year?
The world's biggest snail is 18cm long and has a shell with a 9cm diameter.

2012-08-23 Driving on Mars
I suppose that would be even more challenging than the London rush hour.
It’s controlled using a machine back on Earth.
So, how long does it take Mars to go around, or orbit, the Sun? 
this isn’t the first rover – or driverless car - to drive on the surface of the red planet.
A seismometer is a machine which measures sudden movements under the surface of a planet.
seismology

It is Earth's swirling iron core that gives it the magnetic field which protects our atmosphere and oceans from being eroded by the Sun. 
Mars doesn't have that and this probably goes a long way to explaining why the cold, desiccated world appears to have no life on it today.
molten. That’s the word which describes rock or metal which is so hot it’s liquid.
you sound a little bit obsessed with this idea of life on Mars, Neil.
Critics of NASA say they should be looking at a more diverse list of exploration targets.
a variety of places 
