unit 1

hand-reared
leapard
they roamed across China.
natural habitat
habit,
conservationist
pungent scent
pungent, adj, having a sharply strong taste or smell.
scent, n, a distinctive smell.
raise money
magnificent animals
They deserve to be saved.
Simply for that reason, ..
on top of that = in addition to that
they are the indicators of the health of the natural eco-system.
food chain = food pyramid
know = no, in pronuciation
relative healthy.
as they prowl the forests.
prowl, v, move around restlessly and stealthily.

petrol=gasoline
patrol
anti-poaching patrol, poacher
wild boar
Everything these days comes down to money.
caviar, n, the pickled roe of sturgeon or other large fish.
Though attitudes are changing, for the Amur leapard, it may be too late.
temptation, tempt

unit 2

equivalent = equal
legitimate = legal
similar = resembling
resemble, v
asemble, v

formula for happiness
p + 5e + 3h
P stands for positive outlook, and the E stands for everyday needs like health and money, and the H is for higher needs, like a sense of humour and self-esteem.
self-assurance = self-esteem, n
self-assured
equation = formula
It's secret of true happiness.
A glum start for these office workers.
glum, adj, looking or feeling dejected.

get engaged
The idea of having found somebody that I'm quite happy to spend the rest of my life has made me very happy indeed.
But they aren't convinced.

I don't think you can quantify happiness scientifically.
being top of the premier issue.
premier, adj, first in importance, order, or position; leading.
Sunny weather makes us all smile.

unit 3 degradable carrier bags

go through
clog up
rot down 
fall apart
a fraction of
break down
cut down

It's the routine of a throwaway lifestyle.
go through, use up or spend
Even if you re-use them, ultimately they clog up the landfills.
clog up, become or cause to become obstructed. obstruct, v
It will rot down in a fraction of the time.
giveaway bags

The molecular structure of the plastic is doomed.
molecular, adj, molecule, n
cardboard box
compost 堆肥
bin sacks
conventional, adj
The first shopper to use the bags seem conviced.
..., whereas the new sort can take just a fraction of that time, about three years.
fall apart

It will stand there for years and years.
It helps environments.
It's a brilliant idea.
But the environment campaigners want more, for the government impose ten pence tax on plastic shopping bags.

Nicola Carslaw

unit 4 Dinosaur Footprints

rugged and prehistorical
come off, happen in a particular manner
It's a find of international significance.
Jurassic dinosaur

an amateur enthusiast
she was a bit tentative
car boot 行李箱
It's now a race against time, to protect ...

John Morrison

unit 5 Stress-related heart disease

It's all go at this rapid access clinic for ...
The reason for the high level could be stress at work.
He thinks somking are probably to blame.

peak hour = rush hour
With today's pressure to perform, many could be at risk.
It's the same for anyone faced with high demands but little feeling of control, low salaries and few opportunities to get on.
Finland
take notice
promptly, prompt = nimble = agile
We now have an inceased awareness of their risk of getting heart disease.

There's a lot of emphasis on what you can do yourself to prevent heart disease: stop smoking, eat more healthily and do more exercise.
But clearly there's an important role for employers.

Gill Higgins.

unit 6 Recycling Mobile Phones
get through, spend or pass, as with boredom or in a pleasant manner, of time.
end up = die
refurbish
It's all ahead of new EU rules in two years' time.
dustbin, recycling bin

provide, 'p' is basically not pronounced.
We get them reused or recycled.
Mobiles used to be a luxury and had price tags to match, but now 45 million of us use them, and there's always demand for the latest number.

like many complex electronic goods, ...
harm the environment, impact on the environment.
When our customers have finished using them...
This is the first recycling scheme to involve government and shops.
network provider
a way of safely disposing of them.

unit 7 Fertility treatment
fertilize, v, fertility, n
crave = wish = long for
first cycle of treatment
there's pretty more chance.
If this one's not successful, then you carry on until it is.
give birth

So far, ...
But many are put off by the price, both financial and emotional.
put off,推迟，阻止
adopt a Vietnamese
She now wishes she'd never bothered.
Physically I was in a lot of pain.

As clinics compete for patients, ...
authorities
find out why success rates vary so much.

previous attempt
egg donation, sperm donation
get pregnant
As more women leave it to late to have babies, the more there'll be a demand for statistics.

Matthew Hill
        
unit 8 Schoolgirl hit by meteorite

It seemed an odd sort of time to be hit by a meteorite.
suddenly, and inexplicably
explicate, v
explicable, adj
explicit, adj 
Something fell to earth with a bang.
asteroid
I was quite shocked really.

Word of extraterrestrial activity in Bullamore Road spred.
terrestrial, adj, of this earth.
terrene, n, earth
The curious and knowledgeable are beating a path to her door.
It's very rare event indeed that you in fact have witnessed.
It's the scientist who will have the final answer.
Is there a perfectly innocent earthly explanation for this?
British isle

Richard Wells

Unit 9 Tv and family communication
Communication is little more than a daily grunt.
Education officials fear it's harming their development.
They are watching the screen, eigher a compute screen or a television screen.

handicap, injure premanently
Puils had got worse at speaking.
I think we've got to encourage and give parents as much encouragement, because they are a child's first educator really and probably the most important educator.
We are proposing specail class to help ...

James Westhead.


unit 10 One-stop beauty shop
The patient is pampered and massaged, the atmosphere tranquil.
tranquil, n, calm; free from disturbance
pamper, v, indulge with every attention, comfort and kindness; spoil
The business has never been better.

We want them not to be fearful of it.
This dose not feel like a dental clinic.
Doctors are also getting in on the act.
get in on, become involed in (a profitable or exciting activity)
well-appointed, adj, (of a building or room) having a high standard of equipment or furnishing.

a high-flying doctor
high-flier, a person who is or has the potential to be very successful.
Botox paralyses the muscles and removes the wrinkles.
paralyze, v, cause (a person or part of the body) to become partly or wholly incapable of movement.
fastest-growing business

What shall we call this?
And then all of a sudden, Medical Spas, sprouted up everywhere.
We just felt like ...
No expense has been spare. = it is very expensive.
so much so that, to such an extent that
I was fascinated by the company, so much so that I wrote a book about it.
There is no shortage of customers. 

Emma Simpson

Unit 11 Risks of Ecstasy use
John is regular clubber.
It makes you feel wonderful. It makes you feel what we call "loved up" which means you kind of love everyone around you.
Until there's evidence that it is doing us an enormous amount of harm, we're prepared to take a chance.
take a chance, behave in a way that leaves one vulnerable to danger or failure.
It may create an entire generation of people that are more vulnerable to brain disorders.
It are important for movement, so-called dopamine receptors.

tablet, pill
A normal brain is full of dopamine.
So what does this mean for clubbers.
neuron, a specialized cell transmitting nerve impulses.
This damage may render the user more susceptible to developing Parkinsonism as they grow older.
susceptible, likely or liable to be influenced or harmed by a particular thing
Monkey brains react differently to human brains.
epidemic, a widespread occurrence of an infectious disease in a community at a particular time.
Although there's still considerable doubt as to whether ecstasy leads to long-term damage, there is growing evidence that ...
overstate

Pallab Ghosh

Unit 12 Discovering English wine

A late autumn day
It's sweetening the fruit and even producing a rare sight in an English vineyard.
vineyard, a plantation of grapevines, typically producing grapes used in winemaking.
vine, 
bunches of fully ripened, lush, black grapes.
ripe, adj, developed to the point of readiness for harvesting and eating.
moist, slightly wet.
a tasty and full-bodied wine.

Rainstorms in July spoiled some of the young buds.
bud 芽
ferment,vt 发酵
Nature has made more sugar which frementation turns to alcohol
We've got beautifully ripe grapes, lots of flavour, lots of character.
flavour, the distinctive taste of a food or drink.
There'll only be proof, when it's ready to drink next summer.

This is a typical proving ground
It's going to be a hard sell.
a very bad reputation
ale, 麦芽酒， cider，苹果酒
The critics think our palates could be in for a surprise.
swirl it around. 
swirl, v, move in a twising or spiraling pattern.

dry white wines
intensity,n 浓烈
fruit flavour
This wine is fresh and crisp.
The growers' fervent wish is that this good vintage will change the image of English wine and permanently boost consumption.
fervent, adj, having  or displaying a passionate intensity.
vintage, adj, of, relating to, or denoting wine of high quality.

Tom Heap



unit 13 Earthquakes in the UK

outskirts
It did find itself at the epicentre of an extraordinary event.
surveillance 监督者 surveillance cameras
local filling station
tremor, an involuntary vibration.
panick, v, 恐慌

atomic bomb
be crisscross with ...
fault 断层

Around 200 earthquakes per year, occur in the UK.
spire, a tall tower that forms the superstructure of a bulding.
casualty, someone injured or killed in an accident.
This is actually a big earthquake in UK terms, but in the world terms, this is a small earthquake.
seism = earthquake
seismologist
be sited around ...

petrify, v, cause to become stonelike or stiff or dazed and stunned.
We dragged the kids out of bed as soon as we could.
... until the fire brigade turned up.
brigade, army unit smaller than a division.
seek an expert opinion
relive their experince 
subsidence
surveyor, 

unit 14 Babies at risk from water births

intervent, v, come between so as to prevent or alter a result or course of events.
part and parcel, 重要部分
That's part and parcel of having a baby in the water.
Diving instinct makes the baby hold its breath until it surfaces.
They don't seem to have any problem holding their breath.
Women should be aware of the risks.
extensive research
midwife, n, a person trained to assist women in childbirth.

snap, v, break or cause to break suddenly and completely, typically with a sharp cracking sound.
traction, n, the action of drawing or pulling a thing over a surface.
umbilical cord, 脐带
drown, v, die through submersion in and inhalation of water.
submerse = submerge
inhale, v, breathe in (air, gas, smoke)
proponent, n, a person who advocates a theroy, proposal, or project.
expectant, adj, having or showing an excited feeling that something is about to happen.

offer the opportunity
I don't know how many that'll be.
Even if there is the tinest risk of serious injury, the benefits of a water birth make it all well worth it.

Rachel Wright

unit 15 Travle problems for the blind

A simple journey for sighted people, but Peter Wilkins takes his life in his own hands whenever he leaves home.
sighted people
..., so the motorist has some idea of my intentions.
motorist
It's a Bank Holiday.
bank holiday, n, a day observed as a public holiday.
There are no wheelie-bins for him to bump into.

partially sighted people, visually impaired people = blind people
This is a classic.
lorry = truck
simple measures 
How on earth  can a visually impaired person get out from the pavement on to the bus safely?
pavement, n, any paved area or surface.
bus bay = bus station

announce
They are not covered by the Disability Discrimination Act.
discrimination, n, the unjust or prejudicial treatment of different categories of people or things.
automatic doors
tactile paving
tactile, adj, of or connected with the sense of touch
get off
I slipped on some oil, because I was close to edge, I endedup on the track.
end up

legs, arms and shoulder
according to today's report
Six out of ten blind are not prepared to go out on their own.
Unless things improve, the RNIB say it's only a matter of time before someone dies.
a matter of, 1. no more than (a specified period of time).

unit 16 Logging in the Amazon

Protesters get a bumpy ride as they take on illegal loggers.
bumpy, adj, (of a journey or other movement) involving sudden jolts and jerks.
jolt, noun, an abrupt rough or violent movement.
jerk, n, a quick, sharp, sudden movement.
timber, n, wood prepared for use in building and carpentry.
It's a battle the enviromentalists seem to be losing.
confiscated chain-saw
confiscate, v, take or seize (someone's property) with authority.
tip-off, n, informal a piece of information, typically one given in a discreet or confidential way.
The police have received a tip-off and mount a raid.
raid, n, a sudden attack on an enemy by troops in warfare.
culprit, n, a person who is resposible for a crime or other misdeed.
They are forced to work in return for food.
mahogany, 红木

deliberately
helicopter
At the height of the burning season, ...
在顶点
fill in all the forms, all the papers.

unless action is taken soon, up to 40% of ...
This'll create an environmental disaster, and a potenial human catastrophe for those living near the evermore combustible forests.
catastrophe = disaster, n, an event causing greate and often sudden damage or suffering.
combust, v, consume by fire.
combustible, adj, able to catch fire and burn easily.
loads of people
There's loads of people living, and right up through here, so here we'll have ignition sources and dry forest in juxtaposition.
ignite, v, catch fire or cause to catch fire.
juxtapose, v, place or deal with close together for contrasting effect.
The human factor, the climatic factor, and the ecological factor can all combine for a really mega fire event.
evermore, adv, always

Successive environment summits have made halting deforestation a key objective.
successive, adj, following one another or following others.
summit, n, a meeting between heads of government. ; the hightest point of a hill or mountain.
halt, v, bring or come to an abrupt stop.
Environmentalists are gloomy about what, if any, impact the current summit will have in saveing one of the world's most important and beautiful natual resources.
gloomy, adj, feeling distressed or pessimistic.
optimistic, <> pessimistic

unit 17 Animal cloning

... to produce cancer-fighting proteins which can then be harvested from their eggs.
Making such rapid changes to animals must be closely monitored.

It enable us now to change quite fundamental characteristics of animals, and at a pace that was never achievable under conventional breeding.
There's a need for society to stand back from this.
stand back, withdraw from a situation emotionally in order to view it more objectively.
for its own welfare, for its own benefit.
walfare, n, engagement in or the activitiese involved in war or conflict.
engage, v, occupy, attract, or involve.

This is a normal salmon filmed in Canada, and this is a fish of the same age genetically engineered to grow faster than its wild counterpart.
counterpart, n, a person or thing holding a position or performing a function that correponds to that of another person or thing in another place.
Scientists have given the report a mixed welcome.

If a general member of the public ...
There's not that much analytic thought been put into ...
The vast majority of them are not.
Carbon Copy, CC, a copy of written or typed material made with carbon paper.

unit 18 Genetics determining winning racehorses

some of the most promising racehorses
promising, adj, showing signs of future success.
Spotting promise is an art that takes trainers years to develop.
promise, n, the quality of potential excellence.
identify genes for a horse's speed and endurance.

natural sprinter
sprint, v, run at full speed over a short distance. n, an act or short spell of running at full speed.
Those are better suited for longer distances.
foal, n, a young horse or related animal.
Whether it's going to go down the speed, or sprinter path.
staying path. long distance.

It tells us a lot more about how that individual animal could respond to training.
help her identify no-hopers early on.
inevitably, = unavoidably
indentify = specify
It could be useful in that department.
The test is some years off, but once developed, it's likely to be an aid to the racing industry.

Pallab Ghosh

Unit 19 New York Summer Smells

with record temperatures this year,
It should be renamed to Pooh Yark.
pooh, used to express disgust at an unpleasant smell.
That heat combined with the three million tons of garbage, plus the lack of public toilets, really contributes to the awful smell that seems to emerge in the month of August.
It's smelly, it's sweaty, it's awful.

It is suffering a drought.
drought, n, a prolonged period of abnormally low rainfall.
The streets aren't being washed down.
wash down, n, an act of washing someone or something thoroughly.
budget crisis
Rubbish collection has been cut back.
cut back, n, an act of instance of reducing something, typically expenditures.
It turns my stomach.
I carry gum.
tissue
If you're in the park, it's open and airy.
But if you're in the small confines, it kinda nasty.
nasty, adj, highly unpleasant, esp. to the senses.
It's an acquired smell. 长久以来的

stink, n, a strong unpleasant smell.
The stations often get misused ...
just come right in here
overcome the odours
odour, n, a distinctive smell, esp. an unpleasant one.
it keep you on the balance.
therapy
aroma, n, a distinctive smell, typically pleasant smell.
pepermint, the aromatic leaves of a plant of the mint family.
rosemary, 迷迭香 an evergreen aromatic shrub of the mint family.
uplift, v
lavender, 薰衣草
it's really refreshing.
when you step outside ...
hydrating mist

Jane Standley

unit 20 Fighting Malaria in Kenya

She looks just like any other daughter helping her mother with the chores, but a severe bout of malaria left Mahenzo brain-damaged, barely able to talk.
bout, n, a short period of intense activity of a specified kind.
Few families here are left untouched by this disease.
hundreds of thousands of ...
Those who survive can be left debilitated.
debilitate, v, make (someone) weak and infirm.
coma, a state of deep unconsciousness that lasts for a prolonged or indefinite period.
It was only much later we realised something had gone very wrong.

mosquito
parasite, an organism that lives in or on another organism (its host) and benefits by deriving nutrients at the host's expense. 寄生虫
nutritious, adj, nutrition, n, nutrient, n
specimen, n, an individual animal, plant, piece of a mineral.
stagnant pond
stagnant, adj, (of a body of water or the atmosphere of a confined space) having no current or flow and often having an unpleasant smell as a consequence.
genome 基因组
bloodstream
its smallest constituent parts
constituent, adj, being a part of a whole. contitute, v
continent, n, any of world's main continuous expanses of land.
Genome work has made it simpler to identify potential new targets for drug development.
map its genome, sequence the genome
... is a big step
The more you know about an organism, the easier it is to destroy it.
vaccine, a substance used to stimulate the production of antibodies and provide immunity against one or several disease.
... act as an early warning system.
rural area
prompt treatment
Early intervention can mean the difference between life and death.
spot the symptoms

acute illness
progression of the disease
progression, n, a movement or development toward a destination or a more advanced state.
consult, v, seek information or advice from
at present
a patched-up bed net
drugs which are gradually losing their effectiveness.
The next generation will be looking to the genome project to produce new treatments to combat this disease.
For communities blighted by malaria, ...
blight, v, infect with blight

Chris Hogg

Culture and Society
Unit 1 Lollipop Men and Women

lollipop, n, a flat, rounded candy on the end of a stick.
it seems to be losing its attraction.
the weather can be awful
Increasingly roadsafety wardens suffer verbal abuse from motorists.
warden, n, a person resposible for the supervision of a particular place for ensuring that regulations associated with it are obeyed.
vacancy rate.
They won't accept the authority that's there, but we obviously deal with issues like that as soon as they come to our attention.
There's always going to be some that won't accept the authority.

The motorists are far less patient than they used to be.
I sometimes get really bad language.
Many local authorities are still desperately trying to recruit road-safty wardens, and are even extending the upper age limit to 70.
hang on to, keep; retain

Unit 2 Beggars in New Delhi

Beggars scraping out a miserable existence, relying on the pity of others.
Life couldn't get much worse, but ...
clear them out
He's plagued by the police.
plague, n, a contagious bacterial disease characterized by fever and delirium.
leprosy, n, a contagious disease that affects the skin, ...

Tourists are no longer pestered in the way they used to be.
pester, v, trouble or annoy with frequent or persistent request or interruptions.
It can be very annoying, it's very bothersome.
The aim is to reduce the problem further, to tackle not the symptom but the cause by stopping the suplly of money for beggars.
Anyone spotted by the police giving money to a beggar can be fined on the spot.
on the spot.
In a country with no social security net, many who fall through are left with no option but to depend on the generosity of others.
crackdown, n, severe measures to restrict or discourage undesirable or illegal people or behavior.
fall through, come to nothing; fail
a massive task

Adam Mynott.

Unit 3 Autism and the Lonely Child

autism, n, a mental condition, persent from early childhood, characterized by difficulty in communicating and forming relationship with other people and in using language and abstract concepts.
autistic
He seems to be in a world of his own, ignoring them.
Why bother with Jack?
If you're bored with the holidays and would like to earn some extra pocket-money, please get in touch with Jack's mum.
You don't need to feel isolated.

How other people dealt with a situation like this.
It's not very nice having to give children money to play with your son.
turn down, reject.
happying end
It was a last resort, heartbreaking for any parent.
breathing-taking, astonishing or awe-inspiring in quality.

Peter Lane

Unit 4 Passive Smoking

People don't want to breathe in other people's smokes.
They are taking a risk.
Increasingly somkers are coming under peer pressure as well.
The BMA says their safty should be paramount.
the doctors and health workers
carbon monoxide
The government has failed to respond to public demand for a smoke-free environment.
We all know about passive smoking.
He got a lung cancer, partly because he somkes cigarettes.

Unit 5 3.5 Billion Pounds Spend on Pets

his practice
More complicated treatment will run well into three figures.
Keeping pets healthy brings the largest bills.
They've both got ongoing health problems as well.
booming business
disposable income.
Britain's long-held reputation as a nation of pet lovers looks as strong as ever.

Unit 6 Teenage Problem

Today's research confirms many parents have little idea what really worries their children.
Their biggest anxiety, relationships, was idenfied by 28% of parents and a third of teenagers.
The biggest problem is fitting in at school.
They understand it in all theory and stuff, but they just don't really understand when it comes to the crunch.
when it comes to the crunch.到了关键的时候
crunch, v,n, a loud muffled grinding sound made when crushing, moving over, or hitting something.
peer pressure
drug abuse
Teenagers start shutting down, and it's perhaps not so cool to talk to your mum if you have a problem.
It says parents shouldn't blame themselves for their children's problems, but equally shouldn't be afraid to seek help.
                            
James Wethead

Unit 7 UK Regional Food

No one was that interested in...
Now, the tables have turned. 情势已经转变了
call the shots(or tune), take the initiative in deciding how something should be down.
They can call the shots a bit more.
supply them nationwide
We want to stay artisan cheese-makers.
artisan, n, a worker in a skilled trade.
It means that we can carry on as we've been carrying on in the past.
regional and speciality foods
Finding the right local producers is now high up on the agenda fro supermarkets who want a slice of the ragional action.
They are waking up to the fact that they've got to adapt their policies.

Unit 8 Roayl Visit to Canada

In front of 18,000 hockey fanatics, ...
regal duty
regal, adj, fit for a manarch
... by ceremonially dropping the puck
Canadians are passionate about the hockey, and this was a sure fired way of securing their affection.
Deputy Prime Minister has caused a stir by calling for the abolition of the monarchy.
He even sugguested Celine Dion would be preferable as Head of State.
The Queen are staying ice cool about his comments.
He's swimming against the tide, and his remarks went down like a lead ballon.
As for the Queen, she'll undoubtedly use her well-honed diplomatic skills and avoid the subject.

Unit 9 New Pub Opening Hours

If there's going to trouble, it's likely to be closing time.
Fuelled by alcohol, people ...
excessive drinking
reexamine this idea
tip out their load of domestic rubbish
There are groups who on health grounds would not want to see them abandoned altogether.
They'll just drink at a more sensible pace.

Unit 10
It's Gothic Night at the Electric Ballroom.
The more outrageous, the better.
Then after that, my eyebrow decided to get infected.
There's a call for tough controls on the cowboys.
cowboy 奸商
A survey found almost 500 complications following piercings, from excessive bleeding to nerve damage.
poor hygiene standards
The needle used isn't in a sterile pack.
sterile 无菌的
There's poor after-care.
There's need to stamp out malpractice.
stamp out 扑灭
Nicola Carslaw

Unit 11
charted

Suzanne wanted as natural a birth as possible, but felt her wishes were ignored.
People were very ready to suggest medical interventions where things weren't going absolutely perfectly.
She just felt a little bit out of control and not consulted, not being involved, kind of steamrolled over.
steamroll, v, 不可抗拒之力前进
They felt misled about what to expect.
I wasn't pushed into anything I didn't want to do.
Vacancy rates across the country are running high.
relish the battle to ...
We can prioritise workloads to work in the area where the demand is greatest.

Unit 12 Glasgow Still City of Culture
charted

Welcome to Glasgow, centre of quality architecture, home to arts, and custodian of culture, a world away from its industrial roots.
custodian, one having charge of buildings or grounds or animals.
build on the site of the old docks
outward-looking
not so long ago
Now it's serving up food and entertainment to the culture vultures.
vulture, n, 贪婪的人
It changed the perception in the UK.
shape a new future
It's a real move forward, economically and socially.
The arts have flourished.
there's still room for improvement
economic return

Unit 13 Sexism Behind Motor Show
charted 

Most adverts shamelessly exploit the desires of the target male customer, the size of the engine and its throaty roar set off by the cars' appealingly feminine curves
a sexist stereotype, 典型
sexist, sexism
It was run in glossy magazines. 光滑的
It just gives completely the wrong impression.
car enthusiast
over-reacting
scantily clad woman, 缺乏地穿衣的
glamour n,v 魔力，迷惑
gorgeous women. 华丽的，极好的
Pressure on the motor industry to drive out any hint of sexism is bound to accelerate.
drive out 驱赶
be bound to 必然，一定

Unit 14. Power of Supermarket Packaging
charted

nicely packaged, cheerful, branded food.
blandest economy packaging
I'd probably walk straight past this.
It's not even the price would persuade me to buy it really.
toilet roll 卷筒卫生纸
colour co-ordinate with my clothes
It's illustrating the importance of packaging when it comes to choosing a particular product.
stick to the cheapest option

Unit 15. Hollywood's City Status
charted

a city synonymous with style and celebrity
the glittering Hollywood of legend is fast being overtaken by the grim reality.
The pimps and prostitutes have set up camp in this city.
Round and round it goes, where it stops, nobody knows.
The metropolis pool their resources, combine the efforts and solve problems.
no vision.
the glamour and the glitz which draws people to this city.
with no guarantee of a Hollywood ending.

Unit 16. New Freedoms for Afghan Women

Afghan style
Even today, it's a pretty unusual sight in Kabul.
She could have had her fingers chopped off for wearing nail varnish.
chop off砍掉
nail varnish/polish 指甲油
For singers like her, it means performances remain behind closed doors.
She was dispointed and felt hopeless, and she implored leaders to allow her to sing.
For the time being, she remains unheard and most of the time unseen.
There remains a culture of fear.
Old regime are still running things.
Beauty parlours have sprung up all over Kabul.
The brutal excesses of the Taliban may have gone, but in its place there is nothing approaching equality.

Unit 17. Male Nanies in New York
charted

For these two energetic boys, the school run is always fun.
It gives me a really different perspective. 不同的观点
Being a male nanny doesn't worry Jim either. 身为男性并不会困扰Jim
I think the other piece is just it's a male figure.
domestic duty
they can't keep up with demand.
I don't for a moment question that ...
a bedtime story

Unit 18. Fox Hunting

To horns and cheers, this event began.
These sounds have extra resonance. 共振
It is, says hunters, a battle cry against government plans.
We're looking forward to legislation that is fair and workable and we will operate within them a lawful society.
There will possible be a rethink over the various ruling bodies of fox hunting.
ruling body管理体制
hounds
The mood amongst hunters here is defiant.
They're angry that the proposals are a fudge, and many want an outright ban.
When they came to power in 1997, we got sort of very disillusioned. 醒悟
They've gone back on their promises, that how something so barbaric can still happen in today's society.
Both outside and inside parliament, passions are running high. 

Unit 19. Pope Creats New Saint

Many arrived soon after dawn.
The pontiff admires Opus Dei evangelical dynamism and discipline, but critics see it more as a shadowy and ambitious cult, pushing an intolerant form of Christianity.
I think people have said that Opus Dei is secretive, but I believe that is unfair.
Its growing strength and wealth inspire respect and fear.
Fast-track status today is the result of powerful friends.
fast track: a route, course, or method that provides for more rapid results than usual.
Each would only comment off the record, each was hostile.
Vatican City 

Unit 20. UK Prison Conditions

Overcrowding is dogging the prison system.
We were given exclusive access as the Lord Chief Justice go public to express their concerns.
It is gross, there's no other word for it.
I thought we had turned a corner in last year, and overcrowding this year has blown that away.
Overcrowding is a cancer eating at the ability of the Prison Service to do its job properly.
inmates
prison riot
It's a constant frustration.
make someone employable
chapel 小礼拜
The government policy has to concentrate on avoiding re-offending.
The reoffending figures are appalling.爆发
Lord Woolf is known as a liberal judge, and his views won't go down well everywhere, but there's a growing concensus that we need to find an alternative to sending so many people to jail.
