task 12
Inquiry into
The inquiry was sparked off because various concerned residents ...
Spark off = lead to
Non-metropolitan area
Nine out of ten people ...
Fully understand
Admittedly = we would have to admit that ...
Impose strain
Urban sprawl of expansion
Shellfish farming industry
It is the view of the inquiry that water degradation, whether of seas, rivers or lakes, is the greatest resource problem in the coastal zone as a whole.
We must raise the profile of the coastal zone in our thinking, especially in our approach to conservation and economic development.
Exercise much greater vision. We must be prepared to think in the long term rather than the short term.
Adopt a national approach. We can no longer afford to leave the decision making to individual department, to local government bodies.
To achieve workable, effective results will be no easy task, but it is imperative we try.
The long view prevails over the short.
Prevails over = predominate over
adequately

task 13

sleep disorder
Have you ever lain awake in bed, tossing and turning for hours on end.
insomnia or sleeplessness
aggravate the problem.
intermittent
disrupt its rhythm
daytime fitigue
As a matter of fact, it can be downright dangerous.
Doctors usually only prescribe these as a last resort.
perform some relaxing activities

task 14

The situation here is chaotic.
It was a real mess.
at the scene of major traffic accident.
The death toll is rising with three known fatalities.
fatalities
toll, n, value measured by what must be given or done or undergone to obtain something.
I spoke with the Police Rescue Officer in charge, Chief Inspector.
inspector, n, a high ranking police officer.
an alternative route
Is there any clear indication as to what caused the disaster?
indication, n, something that servers to indicate or suggest.
a large articulated lorry
There was a queue of traffic turning into this road.
car horn
I was unloading my van.
ring the hospital
air crash, volcano, earthquake, tidal wave, tornado/twister, hurrican, typhoon.

task 15
electricity board¹©µç¾Ö
lime Ê¯»Ò

task 16
overview
core or main subject
major career areas
A close and professional relationship should be immediately struck up.
strike up, begin
It constitues a major slice of work.
a slice of, a piece of
The person also be able to work calmly in the glare of the public eye, without appearing to panic.
it is strictly necessary.
You are encouraged to take up another language.
take up, v, adopt
An outgoing and lively personality are prerequisites for this type of work.
requisite, adj, necessary for relief or supply.
If you are a morning person.
It involves an intimate knowledge of wines and the correct choice of drinks to accompany meals.
cellar ¾Æ½Ñ
upkeep = maintain
fortified wine
appreciation, n, understanding of the nature or meaning or quality or magnitude of something.
Life in a restaurant can be hectic, hot and very busy.
You can progress to Grade 2.
The competition, especially in the large more reputable hotels, can be fierce.

task 18
other pictorial media
feel isolated
I'd always plan group work around those ...
it give them a opportunity to let their imaginations run wild.

task 19
albatross chicks
What are the kind of issues that are confronting us globally?
I suppose that's in the form of aluminium cans.
aircraft fleet
that's phenomenal.
nine out of ten
no marine life exists.

task 20
They're the marked walking trails.
youth hostel
fabulous beach
fabulous, adj, extremely pleasing.
wonderful cliff
spectacular view
spectator = audience
We'll all pile into the van so Dave can drive us back to Sutherland to get the train home.

task 21
rear entrance
souvenir stall

task 22
Their technology is quite straightforward.
pull downwards on a string.

task 23
this initial process
mill


test 1
section 1
We have estate which is automatic. manual
That would be perfect.
hire = rent
rate = cost
cars available, liaison
we have a manual estate, which is cheaper, if that would be help?
There are no facilities for handling cash at that time of the day.
the money cannot be banked in.
No cash is held on the premises.
on the premises 店内

section 2
rip, n, an opening made forcibly as by pulling apart.
It's good to see many of you here.
Sydney's famous assets
It is wise to be aware of a few things
it's suffers
The chance of getting attacked is very small.
The sun is very strong.
slip on a shirt, slap on a hat, slop on some sun scream.
much less = far less
well-known
It can be terrifying experience.
conserve your energy.
stick to shallow waters.

section 3
minority of people
There is no real agreement on the action that needs to be taken.
a lot of people get shot, stabbed, decapitated and so on.
Any children watching might take the heros of these programs as role models and copy their behaviour.

section 4
labour market
One of the most significant changes has been the vast move from ...
set themselves objectives.
In most companies the management team has become less hierarchical. This is often called downsizing or delayering.
I believe that ... there are various gains:
go job hunting on the Internet.
New technologies are largely responsible for this.
stay in contact with their offices.
It can place an enormous strain on workers.
telecommute.
