unit 1
Terrorism runs rampant in many parts of the world.
rampant, adj, unrestrained and voilent
We strongly and firmly condemn, oppose, and fight terrorism of all descriptions.

A powerful car bomb exploded, leaving at least nine people dead and more than 180 others wounded.
 = that left nine people dead ...
The Al-Qaeda-linked group
national, a person who owes allegiance to that nation
Federal Bureau Investigation put him on its list of most wanted terrorists and offered a reward of up to 25 million dollars for information leading to his conviction.

Prime Minister designate, 已被任命但尚未上任的总理
designate
motorcade, a procession of people traveling in motor cars.
address an election rally
rally, n, a large gathering of people indended to arouse enthusiasm.
He is ambushed by ...
ambush, v, wait in hiding to attack.
He is credited with turning around Pakistan's economy. 因使巴基斯坦的经济好转而有功
turn around, v, get better

an Islamic extremist group is claiming resposibility for ...
take resposibility for ...
Neither claim has been verified.
Investigator, witness

Uzbek officials say they believe the Muslim extremist group responsible for the wave of violence earlier this year was behind Friday's bomb blast in Tashkent.
bomb blast = bombing = bomb explosion
blast = explode = detonate
simultaneous
Israeli
presecutor, n, a government official who donducts criminal prosecutions on behalf of the state
A third bombing struck the general prosecutor's office, leading to the suspicion of a link between the attacks.
hard-line, adj, firm and uncompromising
repression

drill:
A video shows the alleged beheading of an Egyptian hostage in Iraq.
allege, v, report or maintain
beheading, n, execution by cutting off the victim's head.
The footage identifies the vicitm as ...
footage, n, film that has been shot

Pakistani authorities
the arrests of at leat 10 suspected Al-Qaeda terrorists.
stage, v, plan, organize, and carry out (an event)
Among their targes were the residence of President and military headquarters.
Indonesian police have widened their nationwide manhunt for Al-Qaeda-linked militants blamed for ...
Unless Australia withdraws its forces from Iraq.
force = army
manhunt = search

if  his employer does not pull out of Iraq.
pull out = move out or away
withdraw

They are prepared to launch preemptive strikes against terrorist bases anywhere in the world.
preemptive, adj, designed or having the power to deter or prevent an anticipated situation or occurrence.
annouce a 10-million-dollar bounty for ...
separatist
assault = attack
militant, n, a millitant reformer.


just ahead of Saturday's presidential election.
This blast occurred several yards from the international peacekeeping forces' headquarters.
country's interim government 
interim, adj, serving during an intermediate interval of time.
They were likely behind Wednesday's assassination attempt on Mr Karzai's vice presidential running mate.
running mate 竞选伙伴

10 hostages seized by militants.
He found fault with media for ...
Should we play their game?
groups of armed and hooded men
plead for 
put out, 出版
acting Prime Minister 代理的

Across the United States memorials are scheduled for a third anniversary of …
Memorial, n, a recognition of meritorious service.
A new design competition has been announced to create …
Seven crew who died aboard the flight.
This memorial site to reflect the heroism of the crew.
He was among those who died in the crash.
He was very involved in the event.
Flight 93 originated in Newark, and was headed for …
Four hijackers took over the cockpit.
In-flight phone
World Trade Center
Some passengers told of their plans to rush the cockpit in an attempt to take back the plane.
It was the only solace that …
Solace, n, the comfort you feel when consoled in times of disappointment.
Console = solace, v

An angry mob set fire to a train.
Riot police fired teargas to disperse the protestors, and also ransacked a station.
Riot police
Officials reported clashes between the police and protestors.
Several grenades were hurled at a packed rally.
Grenade, 手榴弹
General secretary, 秘书长
Strongly condemn
Promise an investigation

It will widen the war against what it calls the 'Christian-Jewish alliance'.
An audio statement carried on an Islamist website broadcast on the channel.
take off = departure
Israel had named Al-Qaeda as the primary suspect in the attacks
lethal attack
Muslim warrior
It will occur on land, sea and in the air.
His whereabouts are unknown.

local authorities 
authority, n, the organization that is the governing authority of a political unit.
fugitive, adj, n, someone who flees from an uncongenial situation.
He was shot dead in a firefight.
In a statement, ...
Al-Ghozi, the self-confessed explosives expert ...
an international embarrassment and a setback to our antiterrorism effort.
being mastermind
Terrorism prevention will top the agenda of ...
US is a committed supportors of ...
new weaponry
ambassador, embassy

passage 1.
Russian president Vladimir Putin says this deadly hostage crisis is a full-blown war against his country.
full-blown, adj, fully ripe; at the height of bloom.
a televised address
Our country must respond by setting up efficient security system capable of dealing with larger threats.
He urged the nation to unify against the common danger of terrorism
This explosion went off inside a gymnasium.
go off, v, happen in a particular manner.

passage 2.
In Iraq, car bombs and clashes have shaken the capital today result in ...
an upscale district
upscale, adj, appropriate for people with good incomes.
US tanks and aircraft battled Shiite rebels.

passage 3.
mosque, 清真寺
mourner, n, a person who is feeling grief.
The police fired teargas to disperse Sunni stone throwers.
volatile city.
Islamic seminary, 神学院

passage 4.
... as the nation marks its independence.
Independence Day parade
outlawed organization. 
outlawed, adj, contrary to or forbidden by law.
This explosion injured at least 15 people.

passage 5.
Israeli border
Hilton hotel
a portion of ..
they have been informed that ...
There have been conflicting reports about ...
Israel issued a warning in early September against travel by Israelis to the area citing what the warning termed a concrete threat to Israelis.


chapter 2.

text 1.
Iran says it has resumed building centrifuges that can be used to enrich uranium.
centrifuge, n, 离心机
uranium
commit to suspension of ...
come after, 紧跟
lack of cooperation with ...

text 2.
They said Libya appears to be hornoring its pledge to dismantle its secret nuclear weapons program.
pledge, n, a binding commitment to do or give or refrain from something.
dismantle, v, 
verified information on ...
nuclear equipment
in a move aimed at ending US economic sanction.
sanction, n, formal and explicit approval

text 3.
Germany and Britain
Tehran, 德黑兰
Iran says it has a legal right to uranium enrichment.
The UN nuclear watchdog, the IAEA
build confidence
see what Iran's response will be.
Iran has not yet reject the deal and may be tempted by the offer of valuable technology.

text 4
Iran pledged to suspend its uranium enrichment program to ease concerns that its nuclear program is aimed at developing weapons.
The suspension would remain in place as long as ...
suspense film = thrill
They would support sanctions against the country.
halt one's efforts.
peaceful purpose.

text 5
But it will not clear up once and for all if...
once and for all, 一劳永逸
We are not yet in a position to ...
a much longer period of time 

skill 1
Any screct nuclear activity, no matter how small, is a matter of serious concern.

skill 2
A prominent nuclear expert
satellite photographs
weapons inspector
reject the assessment
any nuclear related activity

skill 3
They are due to visit the country's rescinded nuclear plant.
be due to 由于
rescind, v, release from

skill 4
A defiant Iran is threatening to ...
defiant, adj, boldly resisting authority or an opposing force.
take maximum steps to ...

