改写

1.
Mainly because, these games tend to call for full attension of youngsters, and have them made variouse decisions in short time, which could active deeply and broadly their brains.

Mainly because, these games tend to call for full attension of youngsters, and have them made variouse decisions in short time, activing deeply and broadly their brains.

把最后的状态从句分出来
These could active deeply and broadly their brains.

2.
Playing computer games could stimulate dramatically brain development for the young generation.

The stimulation to the brain development during playing computer games are dramatical for the young generation

3.
Children tend to learn more effectively and efficiently through games which attract tehm so much and active their neural system.

Children tend to learn more effectively and efficiently in these games than the books. Since These games impart the information by multiple senes, which cause the strong impression. While books only stimulate the vision of students. Moreover the fulfilment they get could be a beneficial motivation for their further leaning.

Since These games impart the information to players by multiple senes, which cause the strong impression, unlike only the vision stimulated by books.

4.
I subscribe that it certainly should be done on behalf of the young.

I subscribe that it certainly should be put into effect on youngsters' behalf.

5.
Initially, these days, mass media is awash with the negative information, especially on the Internet.

Initially, these days, mass media is awash with the destructive information, especially on the Internet.

Initially, mass media is awash with the destructive information.


6.
It is evident that without regulation and controlling, these content, pornagraphic films or violent games for instance, are freely adn easily available t othe next generation.

Whitout right filter, these content, pornagraphy and violence etc, are readily and unlimitedly available to the young.

7. 
Some surveys confirmed that most young men acquired them indeliberately in the high information way.

Actually Most young men acquired them indeliberately in the high information way.

8.
Secondly, the society should regulate these harmful resource to young men, mainly because the young men cannot distinquish them rightly, and have not proper self-discipline.

Secondly, the young men cannot distinquish the resources rightly.

9.
They are still young, which means they may not mature enough to be conscious the right and wrong, and even knowing, they could end up giving way to temptation of these information.

They are too immature to recognize the negative information existed in the media, especially on the Internet. Even if some of them did, they would end up giving way to temptations.

10.
However, some opponents would argue that this censorship may serve no useful function to control the information for the young, since there are tremendous information on the Internet.

However, some opponents would argue that this regulation of destructive information may serve no useful purpose totally.
On account of the tremendous amount of resouces, this doubt is quite justified. 

11.
But I will suggest that the regulation processes could be taken step by step, like firstly ask the new websites to follow the rules of negative content, then the existed ones, and so forth.


house vs apartment:

inhabitants, residents,
cost effective
I would therefore argue that apartments are more adequate housing in places where space is scare, such as large cities. 
For families it can be particular important to have a safe playground for their children. Moreover, neighbours life in some distance and therefore conflicts with them are less likely compared to living wall-to-wall in apartments. 

1.
In recent decades, with the quick development of economy in my country, people in increasing number prefer the house to the apartment as their home.

As recent decades witness quick development of economy in my country, people in increasing number prefer the house to the apartment as their home. 

In recent decades, driven by the quick development of economy in my country, people in increasing number prefer the house to the apartment as their home.

Recent decades have witnessed a major tranformation in purchasing real estate that people in creasing number prefer the house to the apartment as their home. 

2. 
It is certainly because that there are more merits living in a house.

It was largely attributed to the fact that there are multiple merits living in a house.

3.
Firstly, it goes beyond any doubt that compared with a flat, a house usually has more rooms, such as garden, garage and more living rooms.

Firstly, it goes beyond any doubt that compared with a flat, a house usually offers more spaces, such as garden, garage and more living rooms.

Firstly, it goes beyond any doubt that houses are usually spacious than apartments. They may even come with a private yard or garden or extra space for hobbies, which are quite necenssary for most individuals who pursue high living standard.

Moreover, neighbours live in some distance and therefore conflicts with them are less likely compared to living wall-to-wall in apartments.

4.
For most individuals, when they get married and then have children, these rooms are quite necenssary.

These rooms are quite necenssary for most individuals who persuit high life standard, mainly because they can park their cards in garage safely and their children can paly in the garden happily.

These rooms are quite necenssary for those who 

5. 
Reported by many researches, even though humans are socialising animals, they still need enough private space to live.

While, a partment merely serves some base requirments for life, sleeping and cooking for example.

In contrast, a partment merely serves some basic requirments for life, sleeping and cooking for example.


6.
Secondly, living house often means more comfortable environment and high security.

Secondly, it is universally acknowledged that the house's environment are more suitable for living than the flat.
the house are more suitable for living, not only in environment but also in security.

7.
Unlike the areas of apartment which commonly locate in the city center, the area of house often are built in the suburb or outskirts having more fresh air and being far from noise. +

Unlike the downtown, the suburb or small town where the most houses locate is inundated with fresh air and suffient sunshine, releasing the stress for the residents.

8.
In regard to security, crime rates are indeed low in such community, on the grounds of that residents know each other in most cases.

In regard to security, people tend to feel safer in such comunity, on the grounds of that they know each other in most cases.

some criminal behaviours such as burglary,  hooliganism, seldom happen, with high security management.

9.
However, the flat provide many advantages attracting the citizens. 

Admittedly/Granted, the affordable price and convenient transport of flats attracts many citizens to possess them.

The inexpensive price of apartments makes attaining own home a dream not difficult to realize for general publics.
At the same time, it saves a great amount of time on commuting for the people.

But further analysis would make it clear that the flats cause as many problems as they resolve, overcrowded density and uncomfortable living environment for instance.

10.
Obviously, the reasonable price of a flat makes attaining own home a dream not difficult to realize, at least more affordable than a house.

Normally the cost of a flat is only the tenth of a house, which make attatinment of own place a dream not difficult to realize. 

11. 
Moveover, living there is conducive to saving time on cummuting, on the grounds that these building normally locates on city center.

12.
According to above discussion, it is reasonable to conclude that a house is a good choice for citizens in light of spaces and environment. 

According to above discussion, it is reasonable to conclude that a house is a good choice for citizens in light of living standard and environment. 

13.
Our government should commit more resource to society, in an atempt to encourage companies to build more house in the future.

Our government therefore should commit more resouce to society,

It also embodies the more positive attitude to home ownership in the modern times.


Environment:
1. 
Humans have been damaging the environment ever since we realized our powers to harness nature.

powers to harness nature

since we learned how to use tools.

2.
Global warming and air pollution are now frequent headlines on TV and in the newspapers all over the world which keep reminding us of our obligation to protect the environment.

frequent headlines
our obligation to 
keep reminding us 

Global warming and air pollution are now frequent headlines on mass media all over the world, keeping reminding us of our obligation to presever the environment.

3.
However, few actions are actually being taken at the individual level and I think there are two major reasons why people are being so indifferent.

at individual level
be indifferent

However, few actions are put into effects at the individual level and I claim there are tow major reasons why people are being so apathetic.

4.
The first reason is that many people consider the environmental problem as a future concern. 

future concern

5.
Environmental reports often warn us of the dire consequences of climate change or energy crisis 100 or 200 years later.

dire consequences

6.
As a result, many people feel that money and time is better spent on solving more immediate problems such as housing shortage and traffic congestion than on preventing a disaster that is only predicted to happen at in the future.

immediate problems
prevent a disaster
be predicted to happen at in the future.

7. 
Also, people feel that environmental problems are too complex for individual people to cope with.

too complex for individual people to cope with

Also, people feel that environmental problems are 
too complex for individual people to cope with.

8.
Indeed, a combination of factors causes environmental problems, many of which are impossible to be controlled through individual actions.

a combination of factors

9.
The above attitudes are understandable but are obviously mistaken, so the government needs to take proactive measures to make people more environmental responsible 

The above attitudes are understandable but are obviously mistaken

proactive measures
render people more responsible

The above attitudes are understandable but are obviously mistaken, 
so the government needs to take proactive measures 
to make people more environmental responsible.


10.
They can make more public service advertisements to encourage people to consume more green products instead of disposable goods that are harmful to the environment.

public service advertisements

green products instead of disposable goods that are harmful to the environment.

11.
They can also offer more incentives to people who have been active in cleaning up the neighborhood or severely punish those who have been unfriendly to the environment.

incentives
be active in
clean up the neighborhood
punish people

12.
There is always a dilemma between environment and development, but as an individual we can do something to reduce the negative impact of human activities on the environment.

There is always a dilemma between
reduce the negative impact of human activities

13.
Certainly we do not want to see the Earth turn into an uninhabitable planet.

see the Earth turn into 

People intend to maximize their own interest instead of 
having the best interests of the whole society at heart.

People are reluctant to recycle garbage for the reason 
that they cannot acquire direct benefit from it.

take the step with ...
Global warming
air pollution
state-run media
Motor vehicles are considered a major source of pollution
be proving to be controversial.
government officials and civil servants

this type of ... has the potential to be very harmful.
Anger at exemptions
Critics have aired their concern
targeting ordinary people

be hazardous to human health
Even indoors the air looked hazy
A heavy smog has smothered Beijing for many days

WHO guidelines say average concentrations of the tiniest pollution particles - called PM2.5 - should be no more than 25 microgrammes per cubic metre.

Once inhaled, the tiny particles can cause respiratory infections, as well as increased mortality from lung cancer and heart disease.

Even though most citizens are conscious that recycling garbage 
can fully utilise natural resources in the best interest of the whole society, 
they are still reluctant to do so.


j
g
句式：

of + 名词
These games are addictive.
These games are of addictivity.

分词作状语
时间状语
Seeing the cat, the mouse ran off.
The work finished, he went home.

When the mouse saw the cat, it ran off.
After finishing work, he went home.

Some people prefer to live in a house, while others feel that there are more advantages to living in an apartment. Are there more advantages than disadvatages of living in a house compared with living in an apartment.

living a house.

offer more rooms for the people.
oberviously, compared especially 
people need enough private room to live.

it goes beyond any doubt that compared with flat,a house usually has more rooms, such as garden, garage and more living rooms for people, especially for a family which.
Reported by many scientifical research, even though humans are socialising animal, we are still need enough private rooms to live, otherwise people are inclinded to be more agressal, even aress  

departed house.
more rooms
spacial for whole family.
easy for parking
however crowd

good environment
trees, security
air, less stress
apartment
cheaper

animals

An increasing number of people come to realize that the disappearance of animals will result in serious threat to the equilibrium of ecosystem.

The coexistence of animals and human beings creates perfect harmony and brings about the vividness to our planet.

Wild animals have no place in 21st century. Some people think that prevent these wild animals from dying out is a waste of resource. To what extent do you agree or disagree with this.

the animals also have right to survive as our humans.
Not only people but also wild animals have the right to live.
destoy the balance 

we are human beings who have thought. We can’t behave like barbarians and destroy the environment where animals live. We need places to survive and so do animals. Therefore, we ought to give them a wonderful and natural place to survive.

Another reason is that biologic diversity should be protected.
As many point out, the is ch by the 

government intervening in people's private lives run counter to modern democratic spirit.

modern cities deprived city-dwellers of fresh air and the comfortable pace of life.


LETTER:

complaints

1. products
much to my regret, I am writing to place my strongest complaint against (product name) purchased from your department store/ manufacured by your factory (time)

microwave

I am quite annoyed by the fact that (adverse impacts)

I phoned/visited your place last week and consulted with the manager who was rather rude and informed me that I am not able to get a replacement as it was purchased at a reduced price / it did not fit the standards under the warranty.

I have been a loyal customer for many ages, and until this incident never had any complaints.

I therefore feel disappointed to be treated in such a manner, I would, however, be prefectly statisfied if you would kindly replace (product name) or refund my money, whichever is more convenient.

I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience.

2. bad service

express my strongest dissatisfaction with the service I received (time and place)


rooms are not cleaned on a daily basis
shower not function regularly
toilet not go smoothly

food extremely overpriced
quality of dishes
very poor

turn a deaf ear to my request

I trust you will take my complaints seriously and look into this unsatisfactory state of affairs.
You sould make every effort to improve your service in the years to come and take measures to prevent 
a recurrence of offensive conduct of this kind.
I shall appreciate it very much if you can give this matter your immediate attention.

3. surrounding environment
it caused me lots of distress.

the noise level during the early and late hours of the day disturb my sleep / go beyond my limits.

I understand that as a member of the local authority of the university, you have the obligation to take some feasible measures to prevent the situation from going constantly.

Thanks

I am writing to express my thankfulness for the high-quality service your restaurant provides to ordinary diners.
May I take this chance to express my hearty thanks to you for ...
I greatly appreciate your generous hospitality.

Noticing our inability to make decision, the waitress returned to give us some suggestions.
The specialities she recommended not only proved to be extremely delicious, but also were of low prices.

application

I am writing in response to the advertisement you placed in the .... for ...

During the past ten years, I have also been actively involved in ....

I have enclosed my resume that outlines in detail my qualifications and experiences as well as an open letter of recommendation from ....

Thank you for considering my application and I look forward to hearing from you soon.



Some people think killing animals as food is cruel and unnecessary, but other people disagree because meat is essential to people. Discuss and give your opinion.



Although humans has a long history to take animals as their food, the issue of whether or not people should get rid of meat from their diet always sparks off intense controversy. Advocates insist this behaviour is too barbaric to continue, while opponents believe they cannot live without eating meat.

For the people who claim nowadays humans are able to acquire all nutritions from vegetables or niniral pillers, killing animals for food is a primitive behaviours. These behaviours are too cruel and not necessary any more. Moveover, animals also have the right to survive as humans, which people have the obligation to protect.

For the people who support the meat from animals is still indispensible for a healthy diet, it goes beyond any doubts that a meal without meat is not true meal at all. Animal right activists just exaggrate the emotion wich animals might have, on the grounds that they think too much about the animals.

The above tow attitudes are both sound, and I subscribe to the view of point that people certainly should respect the animal right, which means they should not be killed cruelly. On the other hand, people seem to be unable to delete the meat from their diet list in short time. Therefore, the more feasible measure might be raising the awareness of nutrition and animal right gradually to the general public. Hopefully, in the future, our humans will not utilize them as food, but the friends or companies only.


Although humans has a long history to take animals as their food, the issue of whether or not people should get rid of meat from their diet always sparks off intense controversy. Advocates insist this behaviour is too barbaric to continue, while opponents believe they cannot live without eating meat.

Recent decades have witnessed a widespread phenomonen that people in increasing numbers choose the vegetarian diet instead of eating meat.

There has been a widespread phenomonen that people in increasing numbers choose the vegetarian diet instead of eating meat.
Since they believe killing animals is not only a barbaric behaviour, but also unnecessary. However, a majority of people disagree with this view of point, and would like to follow their traditional diet with meat.

For the vegetarians, they subscribe that taking animals for food is primitive and quite cruel, regardless how to kill them, on the grounds that they also have right to survive as our humans. because, nowadays, people can acquire all the nutritions they need in daily life from vegetable, fruit and mineral pillers, which is healthier diet for humans actually.

For the conservative people, even though it may be a little barbaric to the animal, they still claim eating animal is more natual way to get enough nutritions. It goes beyond any doubt that humans constantly utilize animal as food from ancient times. Therefore, there is no way to get rid this eating habit suddenly.

To sum up, the above two attitudes are both understandable, and I take the viewpoint that people certainly should respect the right of animals, which means they cannot be killed brutally or inhumanly. However, it is quite unpractical to change it in short time, since the majority of people still stick to eating meat. I, consequently, suggest the government launch a campaign to raise the awareness of animals right. Hopefully, in the future, our humans will not consider them as food, but the friends or companies only.